---
date: 2023-06-19
word_count: 939
reading_time: 3.6
---

# Monday, June 19th, 2023

I keep doing it again.

I keep leaving the phone unattended, making myself busy with the tasks of
everyday life and pretending the hope that whenever I go back to it there will
be a new message is not there.

I keep going back to the memories of last week, revisiting the images and
sensations, trying to juice out every last bit of them while I can.

I keep reaching out to strangers to fill out something that is missing.

Today is Monday, but I don't want to write about today. This is the first day of
the break from my French classes. I have been going for a year to french
courses. Last week was the last week. I remember when I was a kid and my mom was
friends with Miguel's English teacher, how I shared with them my frustrations of
how, even after studying English for years, I did not know how to speak it.

Until last week I felt the same with French. I can't understand the francophone
strangers that pass me by. I struggle to get what the Québécois on the internet
talk about if there are no captions. I still needed to double-check in the
translator when I replied to the e-mail from my new landlord about giving him
the cheques next month that I'll move in.

Two weeks ago I started talking with Alexia. She texted me first. She was a
French girl visiting Montréal for two weeks. Today, when I went back to her
profile, her finally updated distance marked the 5,721 kilometers between here
and Toulouse. Her first texts were in English. Shortly after she asked if I knew
French. She was a beginner and worried that she would make mistakes. I switched.

She proposed going to the botanical garden the following week after she returned
to Montréal from her trip to Toronto. We settled on Tuesday, after I would be
finished with the evaluation from French. Monday, though, I was not able to pass
and do the oral production portion of the evaluation, and thus I would not be
able to miss class the next day. She had said that she was also available
Wednesday, so I asked her to postpone. Another option, I proposed, was to meet
either before or after my class, if 9pm was not too late for her. She agreed to
both.

That same Monday, exactly a week ago, Sophia changed the plans of our date and
proposed meeting today for a drink and walk through the mountain. We had joked
about having a first date with another Sof/phia.

The morning of the following Tuesday I went to the lab. I felt nervous about my
French test, but not the one from class. What if I were not able to understand
her? What if I failed to make myself be understood? How awful would it feel for
her to change the plans of the second portion of our date after my failure? We
agreed to meet at 3 pm, and thus I left the office half an hour earlier.

I walked towards downtown as slowly as I could. I felt sick to my stomach. I
considered cancelling even though I knew it was not really an option. Was I or
was she the first one to arrive? She texted me that she was waiting in front of
the Italian café. Only once before had I been inside the "Caffettiera". That
time Amanda was also the first to arrive. That time Amanda's date was also a
two-parter. Three-parts.

I was nervous. If she was, too, I did not notice. We kept talking about nothing
in particular, as first dates usually go. It was awkward in a charming way.

"*Ça va bien?*" She kept asking whenever I stayed silent, either because I was
thinking about what to say next or trying to formulate the French in my head.

My head is hurting right now. I feel the effect of my pills and want to finish,
so I can go back to bed.

The alarm I put to signal the moment that I should leave for French made my
wrist vibrate. I apologized and told her that I would just go to the toilets and
then we could leave. I confirmed if she was still down to meeting after. She
said yes. Even after her confirmation I was almost sure that I would not hear
from her. Her match would disappear. She would text me saying how despite having
a great time maybe it was better to leave it like that. Perhaps I would text her
that I was ready to meet, and my messages would go unreplied.

That particular French class was the longest one ever. Before the pause, some
students asked the professor if it was possible to skip it and go out earlier
instead. He said that sure, we would leave just 15 minutes before, at 8:45pm.
They decided to have the pause instead. Even though we did not take his offer,
he let us leave 20 minutes before 9pm. I started texting Alexia to meet me at
the metro station Montmorency from the orange line. Grace and the professor were
in the station.

"*Sofia, est-ce que tu as changé d'appartement ? Tu n'es jamais venue a prendre
le metro.*"

Alexia did reply. I realized that Montmorency was the direction of the trip and
not the destination. I corrected myself and warned her that it would take me 40
minutes to arrive while Grace was talking to me. This time I waited for her at
the station Mont-Royal.

...I can't do this. I will finish tomorrow.
