---
date: 2023-06-20
word_count: 2364
reading_time: 9.1
---

# Tuesday, June 20th, 2023

I was sitting on a bench by the entrance of the metro station. I noticed her
arrival by the shape of her hair and the color of her denim jacket. Did she
smile when she saw me? Did I?

In the conversation with Sophia, she had mentioned Le Majestique. I thought I
had been there, but the bar I had in mind was Le Darling. Both of them were on
Saint-Laurent and both of them were good options. I asked her if she did not
mind walking for a bit; as a third option I had picked up another bar in Saint-
Denis, just a couple steps away from the station.

Rue Saint-Laurent was soulless. Even she noted how she would imagine more people
wandering around. Alda would later say that it was expected given it was a
Tuesday, but it still felt as if we had the street to ourselves. I asked her if
she preferred a terrace or going inside, and we then entered the bar.

We both ordered a pint of beer. As I had been talking in French it felt
unnatural to suddenly switch to English just to make my order.

"*Je sais que je viens de parler en français toute la soirée, mais je me sens
fiere de moi de commander ma biére en français.*"

She asked me a couple of times if I had gotten tired of speaking French. We
could try to switch to English whenever I wanted, she reassured me. I threw back
the question to her if she had gotten annoyed by trying to understand me, but
she dismissed that thought. We kept talking about France and our jobs and
computers.

She was finishing her drink faster than me. When I noticed I realized that I was
feeling scared of ending mine and thus concluding the night. I grabbed the glass
as if that would prevent the waiter to take it from me and sending us home. She
asked if I were intending to order another one. I told her that I would if she
did. And so we ordered them.

I kept talking in French even when I stood up from our table and asked about the
location of the restrooms. I had a text from Alda asking me where I was and if
she should be worried.

I shared her worries with her.

"*Ma coloc a oublié que je suis ici avec toi et elle etait préocuppée de moi. Je
suis sûre que je lui ai dit que je viendrais avec toi.*" I held off the urge to
keep going. "*Je lui ai raconté de mon premier rendez-vous français; est-ce que
tu as raconté de moi à quelqu'un ?*"

I drank my second beer even slower than the first one. I confessed how I did not
want to leave when the waiter came to tell us it was the last call. We kept
talking when they brought us the bill. We both looked at each other when he
asked us if it was going to be together or separate. This time she took it.

We went outside, and I told her that I was cold.

"*Tu veux porter ma veste ?*"

I said no.

We kept walking through the empty street and my arm kept brushing hers, but she
did not move. After some steps I dared to grab her arm and get closer to her.
Still, she did not move.

We continued walking to the end of St-Laurent. I asked her to tell me whenever
she was ready to leave, but we decided instead to just turn back and keep going
from where we came. I did not let her go even while I was pointing to the
different places that I had visited before and giving small reviews.

We passed bar Biftek, and told her how I had played pool with Aliza a couple of
weeks before. She offered to play and we considered it. We thought how we might
need to buy another drink at the bar, so we kept walking.

We got to a fence filled with posters for upcoming events that neither of us
would ever go to. I asked her again if she wanted to leave, but we turned
towards my place. By this point I was becoming aware of a possibility that I had
not considered and the notion that I needed to disclose an important piece of
information that I had not yet shared. Again, like earlier in the afternoon, I
started feeling sick in my stomach.

We passed through Parc Jeanne-Mance.

"*Qu'est-ce que tu veux faire ?*", I asked her a couple of times in our path.

"*Ce que tu veux*," she kept replying.

By the time we passed the McGill Gymnasium, I pointed at the same bench were
last year Alda asked me about my periods and after a deep breath said Peut-on
s'asseoir un peu ?

As we sat she reciprocated the gesture and placed her hand on my thigh and
smiled. I got closer to her and just sat there. In a minute or two, I felt the
whole night passing us by in silence.

"*Ça va bien ?*" She asked again in a different tone than earlier in the
afternoon.

Without thinking, I kept hiding my face in her neck. "*Oui, ça va bien. J'ai
juste besoin d'un moment.*" I looked straight towards downtown. I grabbed my
final breath before finally coming out. "*Je t'ai pas dit; je suis trans.*"

When I dared to look at her, she replied. "*Je savais pas.*"

I am not sure how much time passed from that moment until when I looked at her
lips begging for an invitation. Almost instantly she moved her face towards me.
I don't know who was the one to give the final steps closing the breach between
us. We kissed one, two and three times. The fourth, I put my hand by her waist.
During the fifth, she grabbed my neck. After the seventh, I felt her thigh right
were her hand had laid upon my leg.

When she looked at her phone it was almost two in the morning.

"*Je peux te raccompagner chez toi, si tu veux.*"

I was too afraid to get lost in translation and accidentally cutting off the
night, so I kept postponing the end.

Finally, my body betrayed me. "*Je voudrais rester ici avec toi, mais il faut
aller aux toilettes.*" She agreed, and we stood up to start our march. Did I
grab her by the arm again?

I reminded her about my main reason for moving away from the neighborhood as we
were climbing the hill besides Hôpital Royal Victoria. We got closer and closer,
and I pointed towards the Leonard Cohen spot. Without realizing it at the
moment, I made a throwback comment to the first story I told her about my
favourite spot in Montréal. When we arrived home, I opened the door and came in
without waiting for her response. She came in with me.

Every girl who has entered my room has made some sort of comment about its
spaciousness. Will I end up missing my room in a couple of weeks that I'll
finally leave this home?

I went first to the toilet and then started tidying up a bit while she took her
turn to the restroom after being by herself in my room. She came back and shyly
asked permission to stay the night. I agreed without realizing that a part of me
felt fortunate.

We sat on the bed and shortly after continued where we had left off by the
gymnasium. I started this journal entry as a way to write down my thoughts. I
kept going to them through the day like little treasures. Time by time fading
with each passing. One could argue this is the main thought, the night we spent
together, the progressively faster kissing, the wandering touches, the warm
sensations. These are the details I want to imprint against fading. Yet I cannot
remind them, not fully and not clearly. Even through my usual walks through the
memories, I fall shortly. I wander by the placement of her hand on my thigh and
wander in the preamble of the first kiss. I don't get to the lip-biting nor the
cold sensation of sweat in her back.

She asked me to go plus *doucement*. I found the perfect rhythm.

As I told Alda today while I was alone in the lab, I did not finish. It did not
matter. As usual, I found my pleasure in her later caresses, the soft
deambulation of her fingers, the bare touch of her bare skin through all my
body.

"*Ça te dérange?*"

I absentmindedly nodded and she pulled away. Almost as fast, I stretched my arms
and pulled her towards me again. Throughout the night I held her. I held her
body, as I am now holding down these thoughts.

The one thing I remember from the middle of the morning was her reaching around
me to grab the comforter. She covered us with it and took back her position.

Eventually we slept.

In the morning, I woke up and thought about Alda. Had she heard us? Would she
see her? Would she be excited about it?

As my mind wandered, so did my finger through her arm. All night, one way or
another I kept touching her. Be it the hand by the end of my arm on which her
head was lying, or her arm over my chest arriving after her turning towards me.

Once or twice I would grab her, and she would raise her face and kiss me. We
would kiss one, two, three times before she recoiled back down.

My alarm sounded a quarter before eight. Moments later she would ask me if I
kept intending to work around noon. I laughed, dismissed the thought and went
back to hiding from time under the covers with her.

Between ten and eleven we did get up. We started assigning our clothes and
putting life back on ourselves. I put on my glasses.

"*Je peux te voire encore.*"

She gathered the will to start her explanations about her departure before I
realized the misunderstanding and abruptly ceded. "*Non, non, avec mes
lunettes.*"

I walked her down the garage. Passing through she mentioned something about her
day at Le jardin botanique that I did not fully understand. "I must go to", I
think. "I could go with her", I feared.

We kissed three times before we said our goodbyes.

I came back home to my room. I lied down again and I slept. I slept calmly—so
peacefully that the full day could have passed me over and for the purpose of
this entry it did.

The last time I had sex was with the Québécoise girl I met at Santropol. The
same café I met the very first girl I dated and the same café I met the very
last. She was looking for some girl to have her first lesbian experience with,
and I was looking for someone to rub off my loneliness. After our exchange and
her departure that same night, she deleted the match and with it every remnant
of contact between us. With her sudden departure I felt uneasy, I felt used. All
throughout the day, I kept opening Tinder to make sure that Alexia's name was
still showing.

I dared to take a screenshot as a trophy. One or two pictures with her name as
way to make sure that I would not forgive her, as if it was possible, or her
name, as it happened with the very girl that preceded her.

Using this idea of missed acknowledgment and closure as an excuse, I texted her.

Hey, j'espère que tu as profité le jardin et ta soirée avec tes amis (est-ce que
c'est ton anniversaire ? ) . Je sais pas si le plan était toujours de avoir
seulement un rencontre d'une nuit. J'aimerais de te revoir mais je comprends
aussi que c'est très difficile d'avoir si peu de temps à Mtl. Merci pour la
belle soirée! ( Et pour avoir toleré mon français ) . J'ai passé un bon moment,
je suis très contente de te recontrer.

The next morning I went to therapy as excited to talk about this as I was the
previous morning when Alda finally came out of her room and asked me about it.
She had heard a voice different from mine and realized what had happened. As I
was walking towards my session, I noticed the number one up-top the app icon. I
opened the application but escaped before reading the message. I did not want to
open, not yet. Again, I did not want the end to come sooner than it absolutely
had to.

I exclaimed to Calli how I knew I should feel happy, yet I felt a sort of
sadness.

"Sofía, of course you feel sad!"

Hey, oui, j'ai bien profité du jardin botanique et oui c'etait mon anniversaire,
c'est pour ça que j'avais de plein de trucs prevus en fin de journée. J'aurais
bien aimé te revoir mais je repars demain en France, je n'aurais pas le temps...
Désolée qu'on ne puisse pas se revoir. J'ai beacucoup aimé la soirée, tu parles
très bien français et j'ai passé un très bon moment avec toi.

Yesterday that I started this entry I was coming back from my date with Sophia.
We walked through the mountain like that one time I met another French girl
whose name have evaporated in the meantime. We talked about her starting med
school and the different opportunities in the city to meet people. There was a
comment during the middle of the date where she reassured me there would be many
opportunities where I could meet other people. I don't know from where in her
voice or words did I sense a condescension that put me off. Like a switch, I
turned off and realized nothing would come out of the experience. We walked back
from *Le Lac aux Castors* towards Parc Jeanne-Mance where we finally separated
on our own ways to never reach out back towards each other again.
