---
date: 2024-11-28
word_count: 776
reading_time: 3.0
epigraph: &poem |
  Los he visto parar el tiempo al curvarse en un gesto.
  He probado de ellos el futuro en un beso sabor a promesa.
  Pero de tus labios, lo que más me fascina,
  es cuando dibujan sobre la noche mi nombre en un susurro.
poems:
  - title: tus labios
    content: *poem
city: Montréal
dates:
  # - date: ??
  #  context: "#Museo-Memoria-y-Tolerancia with @Paty"
  - date: .
    context: "Meeting with @Louis; @Meli sent an email; talks with @Majo and @Paty; tell @Alda about idea for date with @Clara."
  - date: 2024-11-29
    context: "@Aliza's Candidacy and plans about bar after."
#TODO: What's Melissa's last name??
people: [Louis, "@Meli (Melissa)", "@Majo", "@Paty", Aliza, Alda, Clara]
events: [Dating-Clara]
tags: [Emails, Old-pictures, Memories, Friendship]
notes: |
  Reference to the night of the Museo Memoria & Tolerancia with Paty.
  Reference to Misael's party in Xochimilco.
  Look up the date of both.
  I talked with Alda about the card game I later played with Clara.
  Used ChatGPT to translate the poem to French.
---

# Thursday, November 28th, 2024

> Los he visto parar el tiempo al curvarse en un gesto. \
> He probado de ellos el futuro en un beso sabor a promesa. \
> Pero de tus labios, lo que más me fascina, \
> es cuando dibujan sobre la noche mi nombre en un susurro.

---

I did not go to the office today either. I will not go tomorrow filling the week
in absences.

I have worked, but not as much as I should. I have completely disregarded by now
the idea of finishing my third manuscript before the Christmas break. I
confessed to Louis this as well as my departure from Montréal in the next couple
of weeks.

Before my meeting with Louis, as I was opening my emails looking for any
updates, I was surprised by Melissa's name and her two-year-old answer to one of
my emails birthed from a manic-induced project.

She talks about catching up with old emails provoked by the need of cleaning up
memory. She longs for a delete forever option that would work in her own mind.
Her message ends with a provoking sign-off:

> _Te pregunto, ¿lograste aceptarte y quererte?_

I reached out to Majo.

`Sof > have i not grown up in two years?`

For some reason, I opened Instagram on my web browser and started threading
through old stories. I saw my hair change, grow and get shorter. I saw the
different memes that referenced particular moments of my past, like inside jokes
for myself let out teasing about a private life held off from the unknowing
parties.

`Majo > *Sientes que sí o no?*`

`Sof > not sure`

That was the only thought I got.

This morning I have been talking with Paty. I had replied a story of hers on
which she poses with a dress in front of a mirror before going to a Belanova
concert. She wanted to know if my shock was good or bad. I just said that I
thought it might have been the first time I saw her in a dress. She proved me
wrong with a picture of a group of us posing at one of Yaaj's events. I replied
taking responsibility of my own error with a picture of her of that same day
walking up the stage to introduce somebody for something. Both pictures were
from the event on which we openly flirted with each other, on which we broke the
touch barrier, and she leaned on my shoulder several times throughout the night.
It was the same night when she said the infamous words _Ay Sofía, sólo porque
tengo novia, sino, súper sí._

I told her about seeing her one day during the week that I will stay in Mexico
City. I mentioned having something to give her, despite me not having bought
anything yet. I kept flirting with her in the following texts before we actually
set in stone the intentions of seeing each other by ourselves.

_¿Ahora, de nuevo, vas a volver a dejarme ir sin besarme?_

Tomorrow is Aliza's candidacy exam. She told us about going to a bar somewhere
by Atwater at night after she goes to Temple. I am still undecided if I will go
or not. Majo, on the other hand, is sure that she will skip it.

Earlier I shared with Alda my idea of a potential second game I could propose to
Clara. When I fantasized about sharing a bottle of wine as a date in my
apartment, the other part of it consisted in playing _We are not really
strangers_. I asked her if it would be possible to borrow it from her, and if
she believed it would be a good idea. She answered affirmatively to both.

When I mentioned it to Majo, she had another insightful observation.

`Majo > Wey, pero o sea, justo eso habiamos hablado`
`Majo > Que con amigas a usted no le molesta hacer cosas` \
`Majo > o no sobre-piensa todas las acciones que quiere hacer` \
`Majo > pero, con la gente que usted quiere como pareja, o como algo, duda de cada acción y que eso induce tal vez más ansiedad`

She finished suggesting that maybe I should treat Clara more like a friend.
Because she is also that, not only a—potential—partner, but also a friend.

I told her I disagreed. I argued that, despite having things in common, a
friend's love is characterized as it not being born from desire.

We then changed the topic, when I told her about Melissa's email.

Several times I wanted to tell her, but decided not to, that I have been writing
poetry and using ChatGPT to translate it into French, to get an idea of how she
would read it.
