---
date: 2024-11-13
word_count: 772
reading_time: 3.0
epigraph: |
  So you enjoyed [it] generally speaking?
  Also, there are not a lot of places where you can fight children legitimately
epigraph_attribution: Clara
city: Montréal
dates:
  - date: 2024-11-11
    context: "Conversation with @Majo regarding @Clara at #Thomson-House."
  - date: 2024-11-12
    context: Mice appearance.
  - date: .
    context: "Video-call with @Aliza and @Majo; Session with @Fabiola; #Oui-mais-non with @Alda."
people:
  ["@Clarabelais (Clara)", Aliza, Fabiola, Didier, Sophie, "@Majo", Alda, Louis]
events: [Candidacy-Aliza]
tags: [Therapy, IG-story, IG-return]
notes: Told Fabiola worries about parallels between Clara & Sophie. Clara revient à IG.
---

# Wednesday, November 13th, 2024

> So you enjoyed [it] generally speaking?

> Also, there are not a lot of places where you can fight children legitimately.

— Clara

---

After setting the traps and one brief moment of around a minute when I
continuously heard scratching, I heard nothing for the rest of the night. I went
to bed and slept in relative peace.

I found it hard to wake up in the morning. I agreed to have a video-call with
Aliza to talk about her project proposal for her candidacy. I offered her
anytime before noon, since I'd see Fabiola then. She picked 10h. I didn't get up
until 40 minutes before our agreed time. I warned her that I would just shower
and might end up connecting a couple of minutes late.

I also talked with Alda about meeting at _Oui mais non_ to work together after
finishing with my therapy. She did not end up going. I told her it was fine, and
we could do it another time.

My first couple of minutes with Fabiola consisted in telling her my adventures
last night with the mice. I told her how Didier's response was pretty fast and
even that morning I received an email from the guy was supposed to come and put
the products asking for my address in the very early morning.

I talked about what has been happening with my increased social outings and
particularly with my latest phase of dating. I gave her a brief recap of my last
dates with Clara and my anxiety about the similar patterns of communication that
remind me of Sophie. In my retelling, I mentioned the conversation I had with
Majo at Thomson on which I told her of my dilemma between starting to disconnect
from this potential connection now that it is still early, being open
emotionally, and letting her know that I am interested in pursuing something
further with her, but the ways we are communicating confuse me.

Fabiola said that, in her opinion, it is not yet the moment to start working in
letting go. Without knowing, she reaffirmed Majo's suggestion of giving her
another date, another opportunity to talk about us, explicitly state our
interest confirming it is mutual, and sharing our expectations of us, of each
other.

My breakfast was the oatmeal cookie I bought last night at Dollarama with the
four mousetraps that I spread over my apartment. I drank the iced coffee I made
myself during my call with Aliza. On my afternoon work in _Oui mais non_ I
ordered a chai latte. I have been working on implementing the code to run the
CNN segmentation within the longitudinal pipeline. Tomorrow I am meeting with
Louis. I don't have much to show him. I guess I can talk with him about the
timeline and the scheduling of my thesis seminar early next year.

At around 18h30, the screen of my laptop suddenly shut off. It had been a while
since I looked at the battery icon appearing on the corner of the screen. I took
out the book I picked up yesterday from the library and read a couple of pages.
When I finished the short first chapter, I grabbed my stuff, left my empty glass
on the bus tray by the stairs, and started walking home.

I don't remember exactly the time—it must have been before getting into the
café—when I wrote a brief story narrating my night.

_When I was craving the other night not to sleep alone, I didn't mean to spend
the night accompanied by mice running around in my room._

As other times, I kept checking the viewers to see if I would see Clara's name
in the list. She finally showed up around an hour or two after its inception. I
was around the bakery where I buy my morning croissants when I saw the first
notification letting me know _clarabelais had liked my message_. Then, one by
one, I could read the first portion of her subsequent replies on the following
notifications. The last notification was, once again like as last week, letting
me infer she had gone back to my profile to see a story she had already seen to
purposefully like it. The evening was colder than I expected, so I put away the
phone together with my cold hands inside my jacket pockets.

When I opened her conversation I saw how not only had she replied to my comment
about finally meeting a deadline and continued the conversation about my
Lasertag story, but also replied to the white text with the image of Mickey
Mouse.

`clarabelais > Not a mice fan ?`
