---
date: 2024-11-29
word_count: 757
reading_time: 2.9
epigraph: &poem |
  I felt a quiet sadness after I wrote you a poem in my language, one you don't understand.

  Then, I was struck by how much more beautiful it reads in yours, a language I cannot speak.
poems:
  - title: my words, your language
    content: *poem
    notes: posted as an IG story with the photograph of the metro in a tunnel
  - title: strangers
    content: |
    I wonder if I write poems of people I have just met
    for the same reason I take photographs of people who do not know me
    Perhaps there is a particular beauty in creating art from complete strangers
    notes: |
    Posted as two IG stories.
    One blurry photograph of a stranger woman sitting on a bench in San Diego. 
    The second B&W of a man sitting beyond the pilars somewhere inside Central Park.
city: Montréal
locations: [Indigo, Urban Outfitters]
dates: 
  - date: 2024-11-28 
    context: Haven't replied to @Meli
  - date: .
    context: Shopping with @Alda for gifts for @Paty & @Misael; after-candidacy bar for @Aliza
    people: [Majo, Clara]
people: ["@Meli (Melissa)", Aliza, "@Majo", Misael, "@Paty", Alda, Clara]
events: [Candidacy-Aliza, Dating-Clara]
tags: [Emails, Insomnia, Post-midnight-stories, IG-stories]
notes: |
  Once again Clara returns to stories she has opened.
  I wondered if she read herself in the poems she liked or the ones she did not.
  Looked for presents for Misael.
---

# Friday, November 29th, 2024

> I felt a quiet sadness after I wrote you a poem in my language, one you don't
> understand.

> Then, I was struck by how much more beautiful it reads in yours, a language I
> cannot speak.

---

I haven't replied to Melissa's mail.

I just got home from Aliza's post-candidacy exam night at the bar. She asked us
to meet her at 21h45 after her going to Temple. Majo had told me she was not
thinking of going. I was still undecided until this afternoon.

I did not sleep very well. At 3h I drafted a story after editing some old
pictures I found in my archive. The first one said: _I wonder if I write poems
of people I have just met for the same reason I like take photographs of people
who do not know me_. It was the picture of the blonde young women sitting on a
bench in the small bay by San Diego's airport. I took it with Sonny's camera at
the exact moment she turned towards me. The moment exacerbates the cheapness and
lack of controls in the plastic camera, which results in a dream-like
blurriness. The second one, a black-and-white shot of a man sitting down framed
by the pillars of somewhere inside Central Park, has the following conclusion:
_Perhaps there is a particular beauty in creating art from complete strangers._

There was a third one I worked on, but decided not to post. It was a shot taken
by Sonny of a subway train leaving one of the stations. The coloured filter and
lack of light gives it a touch I found emotional and nostalgic. In the text
framing this snapshot I directly referenced both of the poems I wrote these past
nights, and the division marked by the language barrier; the impossibility of
sharing a deep personal part of myself in a way that can be completely
perceived.

Lastly, I edited a picture of a mural of a pair of children; the boy holding a
bouquet of flowers behind his back, and the girl in front of him a mace enlaced
in nails. I titled the picture _Amor y defensas_.

I fell asleep some time before 5h. I had some failed attempts of waking up on
which I looked at the phone to see the number of people who had seen my intimate
midnight sharing. I was not satisfied until I saw Clara's name in the list. The
next time that I grabbed my phone, the notification with her name of it was
about new messages in our conversation. She started by wishing me a speedy
recovery to my healthiest self and reassured me that her potential sickness
might be more a sign of her hypochondria. She apologized again about not being a
quick responder and mentioned an unexpected issue with her apartment. Then she
went back, like she has been doing since our first date, and liked both my
second story and my posted picture. Did she suspect that my poem referenced her?
Would she feel flattered or threatened? Was I hoping for her to mention it in
our conversation or to ask me directly?

She has not replied. I told myself that, regardless of whether she replies or
not, I'll reach out tomorrow again, possibly asking her about her Peruvian's
friend lunch and maybe offering her information about the sad short films, but
definitely asking her about our last date of the year.

I met with Alda in the early afternoon, after finishing the second half of
vegetable soup I cooked this week. We went to a couple of shops looking for a
cute detail to buy for Paty and Misael. She wanted to get something for Sonny,
too.

One of the stores was Indigo, on which I bought myself a French book, despite
just a couple of days before telling Sarah I had decided not to buy books again
and instead getting them out of the library. I considered getting a black mug
with two—one red and another blue—mix-tapes. It was a bit cheaper than the
previous option I found at _Urban Outfitters_, a white and black taller cup that
had several motifs that reminded me of her.

Jokingly, when I was texting Majo, I told her that my idea was of getting a
postcard from Montreal and writing on it: _A mi crush que más años ha durado.
Siempre (casi) tuya, S._

I finished the joke with the idea of signing with the lipstick outline of a
kiss. But, that second part was actually a—
