---
date: 2024-11-16
word_count: 864
reading_time: 3.3
epigraph: |
  Yeah I'd love to.

  Thinking about you now cause I quickly went to support a friend doing stand up in a Mexican place, everything is in Spanish and I'm the only persona non Latina, experiencing your church feeling tonight.
epigraph_attribution: Clara
city: Montréal
dates:
  - date: 2024-11-15
    context: "@Clara replies to my text mentioning her going to the Stand-up in Spanish."
    people: [Majo]
  - date: .
    context: "Short-films with @Miriam at #Cinéma-Moderne. Pass by the #Pharmacy but it's closed."
    people: Misael
  - date: 2024-11-17
    context: "Plans to meet with @Alex at #Old-Port & brunch with @Sarah"
people: [Clara, "@Majo", Miriam, "@Elio (Alex)", Sarah, Misael]
events: [Dating-Clara]
tags: [Skipped-dose, Tinder]
notes: |
  This message is extremely significant.
  The stand-up friend Clara went to see is the same man she dances with next year and is seen kissing by Majo.
  Similarly Majo sends a reel: "Nos ilusionaste a las dos porque yo viví su historia como si fuera mía."
  "Cuando lo de Clara no se de, vamos a sufrir las dos"
---

# Saturday, November 16th, 2024

> Yeah I'd love to.

> Thinking about you now cause I quickly went to support a friend doing stand up
> in a Mexican place, everything is in Spanish and I'm the only persona non
> Latina, experiencing your church feeling tonight.

— Clara

---

I walked up to the pharmacy and noticed a gray fence blocking the entrance. I
was confused until I noticed the times posted by the door. Weekends closing
hours are 18h. This might be the first night skipping a dose.

Despite going to bed relatively early last night, I couldn't get out of bed
before noon.

Miriam said she would be picking me up at 15h. I postponed the alarm until 13h,
giving me plenty of time to shower and get ready. After coming out of the
bathroom and putting on my clothes I had still time left to make and drink an
iced coffee.

I wore the black t-shirt from my trip to Puerto Vallarta a couple of years ago,
and a thin pullover from back when I used to be a teenager. The combination of
the pad-less bralette and the fitting racer back shirt made my chest look
completely flat.

Last night, as I was in bed, under the covers and with the lights dimmed of, I
got the notification of two new messages from Clara. I took a screenshot of the
notifications and sent them to Majo. A few hours ago, she sent me a reel of two
women hugging with the caption: _No solo ilusionaste a mi amiga, nos ilusionaste
a las dos porque yo viví su historia como si fuera la mía_.

I haven't received a text from Clara letting me know if she'll have time to meet
tomorrow. I don't know anymore if I want to receive that message that I was
looking forward to. I had gotten home from my Platonic date with Miriam. I saw a
story from Alex with his—I suppose—partner at _Centre Bell_. I replied to it
asking if they were in Montréal. Unlike the girls I date, he replied almost
instantly. We exchanged a couple of messages, and he let me know they'd stay
here until Monday morning.

`elio > Que vas a hacer mañana en la nochi?`

I thought about the free second-half of my Sunday I had conveniently left empty
for a potential date that would probably not happen. My reply last night to
Clara had been seen a couple of hours before. There were no messages under it.

`soffiafdz > estaba quedando con alguien mañana, pero no se hizo nada.
estás/están libres??`

I will meet them around Old Port by around 19h. I will have plenty of time after
my brunch with Sarah in the late morning. She sent me a quick and subtle
confirmation text this evening.

I had realized after my date with Florence that I don't want to meet any new
people. I sent a message to the newest match that appeared on my Tinder. Her bio
ended with _I love hot nerds_.

`Sofía > i am a nerd, i am kinda hot, and i am ready to be loved`

Almost as quick as her first reply, the conversation eventually died.

Miriam picked me up 20 minutes after 15h. We parked the car close to _Dieu du
ciel!_ We walked to _La drogheria fine_ and ordered two boxes of _gnocchi_. I
think they overcharged her, but I said nothing. We continued our conversation as
we walked towards the park in front of _Siboire_. She told me about how she
lived in Querétaro. She talked about her son. When we finished our cheap meals,
we decided to go to the _cinéma_ and wait there until 17h30 when the shorts
would start.

She was unsure whether ordering alcohol or not. I told her I would have it if
she did, but I had no problem drinking something else. She must have debated the
idea in her own head before deciding to get a cider. We got two glasses of the
house cider. She also paid for them. We took our drinks to the high table bar,
and she continued telling me the story of how she got to know Misael.

The second half of our conversation in the _cinéma_ consisted in her updating me
about the guy she was seeing for a year and with whom she met the night we came
back from Ottawa. We went inside the theater, grabbed our seats, and she
finished telling me how she had decided to stop seeing him.

The shorts were not good. I enjoyed only the second one, _Gender Reveal_. The
director came afterwards and answered a couple of questions. When we got back to
her car, I asked her to leave me by the metro station since I needed to pick up
my medication at the pharmacy. We said our goodbyes and I told her to update me
about her date tomorrow with the French guy.

As I am finishing this words, I got the idea of taking my camera next time I see
Clara and asking her to take a picture of me.

I replied to Majo's Reel.

`Sof > cuando lo de clara no se de, vamos a sufrir las dos`
