---
date: 2024-11-24
word_count: 2101
reading_time: 8.1
epigraph: I thought about it, but I wasn't sure on our first date. I knew it after the second. And now, right now, I really, really want to kiss you.
epigraph_attribution: Sofía
city: Montréal
dates:
  - date: "~"
  - date: 2024-11-21
    context: Double-texted @Clara proposing going to the movies.
  - date: 2024-11-22
    context: "@Majo brings up a conversation with @Aliza."
    locations: Oui mais non
  - date: 2024-11-23
    context: "Day with @Majo & her friends before third date with @Clara."
    people: [Lavi, Zahra]
    locations:
      [
        Lola Rosa,
        Complexe Desjardins,
        Station Berri-UQAM,
        La graine brûlée,
        UQAM,
        Isle de Garde,
        Station Beaubien,
      ]
people: ["@Majo", Aliza, Lavi, Zahra, Clara]
events: [Dating-Clara]
tags: [Date, Trans, Kiss, Disclosure]
notes: |
  Long day with Majo. "You should not concern whether she likes you, but if  you like her"
  First time meeting Lavi.
  Ne plus jamais tomber amoroux vs ne plus jamais baiser. "She died".
  Third date with Clara. Told her I am trans. First kiss.
---

# Sunday, November 24th, 2024

> I thought about it, but I wasn't sure on our first date. I knew it after the
> second. And now, right now, I really, really want to kiss you.

— Sofía

---

A couple of days ago, Majo brought up a recent conversation she had with Aliza.
She said she would tell me everything the next time we would see each other. I
might have been coming back from working at _Oui mais non_.

I asked her what were her plans for the next day, Saturday, yesterday. She was
supposed to meet some friends, but that was supposed to happen at night. I
offered her to meet me before, and I could buy her the coffee I owed her for
giving me the idea of my third date with Clara.

Earlier in the week, I double-texted her telling her about a current LGBT film-
festival—the one that Majo had just told me about—there were a couple of movies
that caught my eye. One on Friday and the other on Saturday at 21h. She replied
less than an hour later, saying she would love to go with me. Saturday would
work better, and we could meet a bit before. A couple of days later, she
finalized the plan by asking me if meeting at 19h30 would work for me.

I suggested Majo to meet at 15h, somewhere around _Berri-UQAM_ or _Place-des-
arts_. That same morning, we changed our plans to meet at 14h.

I finished getting ready. I wore a black denim skirt over black tights and a
blue over-sized top. I put on eyeliner and a subtle eyeshadow. Last minute, I
decided to open a new set of contacts. I confessed to Majo I felt displeased
with how I was looking. She told me she would let me know after seeing me. I was
aware my over-consciousness came from an irrational place and was not based in
reality.

I put my camera inside my purse and took it with me. I talked with Majo about my
impulse of asking Clara to take a picture of me. Although I was not convinced of
actually doing that, since Majo would be seeing her friends, I could kill some
time by trying to finish the roll in those free hours before meeting Clara.

Majo and I went to _Lola Rosa_. We shared a poutine. We stayed a couple of hours
in the restaurant. Lately, we have been seeing each other quite frequently and
for long periods of time. She told me I looked good, pretty. By that point, my
distasteful insecurity had downgraded to a faint indifference.

We stayed around the area, walking around Complexe Desjardins. For a while we
stayed sitting by the Christmas tree looking at the children play with balloons
around it. There was a baby that we jokingly referred to as _bebé señora_.

We talked about my date. A couple of days ago, Majo told me she believed I
should not concern myself with telling Clara about me being trans and, instead,
focus on disseminating how I really feel about her.

A guy passed by and looked at me from head to toes. Majo noticed him first. Even
now, as I am writing this, I am not sure how exactly do I feel with this idea of
being seen and not being sure of the intention behind being noticed.

Majo's friend arrive and Majo introduced us. She was coming from a date, also
her third. We went to _Le central_ and sat down by an Indian spot. A bit later,
another friend of theirs joined us.

At around 19h15, I stood up and started heading to _Berri-UQAM_. I opened
Clara's conversation on Instagram 13 minutes later. Three gray dots let me know
she also had the conversation open on her end. My message appeared first stating
I was inside the station, at the very center of it, sitting on the only
available place to sit. Then it was hers, letting me know she was waiting for
the metro to come here.

Around 15 minutes later she arrived. We hugged. I considered the idea of kissing
her on the cheek, but decided not to. We went outside and walked by the village
looking for a place to drink something. We passed by _La graine brûlée_ and I
mentioned it was a café that I liked which had coffee, tea, and even drinks. We
considered going in, but I let her take the choice. I argued I had picked our
activity and the movie, it was her turn to decide. We continued walking.

Somewhen in our walk she noticed a limousine waiting by the red light. I told
her about _quinceañeras_ in Mexico, and how it's really normal for 15-year-old
girls and their _chambelanes_ to ride them before their party celebrating
turning into women.

"Did you have one?" she asked me.

I hesitated before replying. "No," I said as a half-truth.

"You did not become a woman?"

"I became a woman in quite a different way."

We got to the next metro station before we decided to head back. None of the
bars looked appetizing. We returned to the first proposed café. We grabbed each
a can of a cocktail. She got herself a brownie. By the cashier, there were two
shots next to a question, each with a different answer.

> _Ce que vous prefereriez: Ne plus jamais tomber amoroux. Ne plus jamais
> baiser._

I took that philosophical question and used it as a spark for our conversation.
She said that not falling in love again would be too sad. I counter-argued that
it would be horrible being in love with someone and not being able to have sex
with them.

We walked back to UQAM and got into the theater where they would project the
movie. She left to pee, and I stayed waiting for her. I noticed a familiar face
in a small group of people to my right. She was a woman whom I have seen on the
apps. I was not sure if we ever talked or even matched.

As we waited to get in, Clara asked me if I had preferences concerning where to
seat in the theaters. I said that as long as it wasn't the first rows, I did not
really mind. I returned the question to her. She likes sitting on the very end
of the rows, in case she has to get out for an emergency or something.

"That is called anxiety, love."

We got in and struggled to find two connecting available seats. We scouted for
them and ended running to the front rows to grab two on the opposite end of the
hall. I graciously offered her the aisle seat. Both of us followed my idea of
putting our coats on the back of our seats.

During the movie I kept thinking about reaching over to her seat. Sometimes I
wanted to put gently my hand on her thigh, but her legs were crossed and
pointing to the other direction. Other times I wanted to stroke her arm and
arrive to her hand grabbing it, but her hands were busy holding themselves. I
just laid my arm on our shared armrest and waited for her.

By the end of the movie, her elbow and full arm were positioned right next to
mine. I felt the warmth of her body through her pink sweatshirt. We stayed in
that position during the Q&A with the director.

When the questions ended, I patted her thigh and looked her in the eye as I
said, "I have to ask you something."

She looked at me serious and expecting me to continue. I held her sight as I
grabbed my coat and started it putting it on while we slowly stood up.

"Right now?" she said, trying to figure out what I was going to ask.

"Yes," I started. "Can you take me to the restrooms?"

"Sofía, you are so dramatic."

We walked back to the metro station. We went inside and were looking for the way
to our direction. I asked her if she was hungry, referring back to a funny
moment where a grumbling sound came from her stomach and she apologized. She
said she could eat. I offered her to look for some place. It was close to
midnight, yet she did not disregard my attempt to prolong our goodbye.

She proposed a pub close to her house and by the metro station. We rode the
metro and got off at _Station Beaubien_. We got there and double-checked in the
maps that it would close at 2h. When we got inside, the waitress warned us that
the kitchen was going to close soon. We shared a small bag of fries. She got
herself a lager and I ordered a glass of cider.

I told her my rehearsed speech of having two available secrets and letting her
choose one.

"On one hand I have option _Tea_. On the other, there's option _Kafé_, but with
a K, like in German."

She picked option K, so I confessed my desire to kiss her. She smiled surprised,
but kept herself from saying _me too_ in any form, verbal or otherwise.

"So, what about option T?"

I asked her if she wanted all the build-up or just saying it straight up. She
picked the former.

I told her how I did not know if she knew already, but now I thought not. I told
her how my friend had told me not to tell her, actually. I might have made a
reference to the quinceañera conversation we had, but she did not remember the
term, and thus, missed the connection. So, I just said it. "It's that I am
trans."

We continued talking about it for a bit. She just nodded, as a signal of
understanding. I kept myself from asking, in any form, verbal or not, _so, is it
an issue for you?_

Later, I asked her, "but, what about you? On which date did you first want to
kiss me?"

"Well," she smiled again, "I'm not sure. Perhaps this one. Or maybe not."

"Yeah? Maybe a future one?"

We kept looking straight at each other and smiling.

We paid our bills and put on our coats. I asked her which directions would she
head out to. She pointed to the left. For me, I would have to take the night
bus, since it was past 1h. Its stop was to the right. We headed outside to the
cold night. I looked her straight in her blueish green eyes, waiting. She smiled
fully and asked me what was it. I laughed and lied by saying "nothing."

She offered to walk me to the bus stop. I reaffirmed her that she really did not
have to.

"It's OK," she insisted. "I can walk with you and just not wait until it
passes."

I understood she was buying time before either deciding if she wanted to kiss me
or gathering the will to do it.

We saw the bus that she would take back to her house pass. When we got to the
metro station, I offered her to go inside and see if another one was going to
pass. In my phone, I saw there was still another metro towards Montmorency. I
had 10 minutes.

I brought up again _Le Festival Triste_ next Saturday. When I confirmed its
time, she let me know it would be impossible for her to come with me. I asked
then if we could see each other again before our departures in December.

"Yes. Yes, absolutely," she said so sure of herself she left no space for doubt
to set in.

"So, you said something about kissing me."

"Yeah, I think I did," I said back smiling and excited for what was about to
happen next.

I forgot exactly her words that made me tease her with "you don't sound very
convinced."

Her smile did not go away, "non, non. I really want to."

I walked towards her and put my hand over her arm inside her puffy purple coat.
I felt her lower lip first. We continued kissing as she put her fingers in my
now messy hair. I got closer until I felt the warmth of her thigh. I started
smiling without pulling away.

I saw her slowly pulling away and opening her eyes.

"That was nice," she said smiling. We said our goodbyes and she started walking
away.

"I will see you," were her last words before she left, and I entered the metro
station to catch the very last train home.
