---
date: 2024-12-08
word_count: 767
reading_time: 3.0
epigraph: &poem |
  I reach for the night we invented love, but the stars blur, their edges
  unspoken.

  A memory fading between dream and shadow, a moment unraveling in silence, its
  heartbeat dimmed, its warmth scattered like ashes.

  Tell me—did you feel it too, this quiet undoing?

  Or is it only me, grieving a ghost I can no longer hold?
poems:
  - title: I lost the night we invented love
    content: *poem
city: Montréal
locations: [Station Jarry]
dates:
  - 2024-12-07 (@Clara rainchecks with an IG voice message.)
  - 2024-12-08 (Last date of the year with @Clara in my house.)
people: Clara
events: [Dating-Clara]
tags: [Date, Voice]
notes: I realized I can't remember when I lost my virginity. Voice message from Clara.
---

# Sunday, December 8th, 2024

> I reach for the night we invented love, but the stars blur, their edges
> unspoken.

> A memory fading between dream and shadow, a moment unraveling in silence, its
> heartbeat dimmed, its warmth scattered like ashes.

> Tell me—did you feel it too, this quiet undoing?

> Or is it only me, grieving a ghost I can no longer hold?

---

I am waiting right now.

I am waiting a couple of months before my PhD defense; a couple of days to
travel to Mexico and see my friends, my family, my dog again; an hour before
walking to _Station Jarry_ to meet with Clara and bring her to my place.

Earlier this week she told me of the possibility of meeting
Saturday—yesterday—if her long-planned trip to Québec were not to happen. She
explained it probably wouldn't. My replies to her text remained unseen the
following days. I tried to convince myself that whatever happened, whether I saw
her or not before January would be alright. I went to bed Friday with the sketch
of hope about waking up in the morning and reading her text proposing a time.
When I looked at my phone throughout the morning, it always remained empty.

I was venting with Majo about my disappointment and sadness and even irritation.
She asked me what was it that made me upset.

`Sof > cuz it takes 10 secs to write sorry, i can't saturday/tomorrow/today` \
`Sof > or not just that, opening the conversation` \
`Sof > i feel like an afterthought, and i deserve more than that`

It probably was not more than an hour before the notification came. She laughed
at the photography reel I had sent her, and told me how she had just seen it the
day before and thought about me. Then, she said her trip to Québec had not
happened as expected, so we could do something chill at around 6 or 7 if I was
still down for it.

I told her to meet me at Station Jarry at 7. She confirmed it, and I continued
with my day.

There was still a sense of uneasiness. Something didn't sit well within me.

It might have been the night before. I was thinking about my plans for our
date—were it to happen. I thought about the questions game that Alda and I used
to play. _You see, the point of the game is to come up with unanswerable
questions; something so deep or personal, that you rather lose a point than to
share an answer._ As a follow-up thought, I thought of examples of potential
questions.

_How was the time you lost your virginity?_

I was lying on my bed, face over my pillow and my body under the duvet. I froze.

`Sof > i just realized i can't remember when/how i lost my virginity, and words
can't describe the sudden grief i am experiencing rn cuz of it`

Fifteen minutes before the alarm I had set on my phone to signal the time I
would need to start getting my stuff to leave started singing, I got a voice
message from Clara. Its length of almost a minute was the first bad sign.

_Hi Sofía, hope you're well_ it started with a voice that despite easily
recognizing, felt new and adventurous.

There were also tiredness and pain embroidered in her words. That was the second
bad sign.

She proposed an exchanged, maybe we could meet this afternoon rather than that
night, go for a coffee or whatever I had planned. Of course, if I was not
available, she would definitely make it, albeit just a bit later since she
needed to sleep some more.

How could I dare to force her to see me, even if I were to have plans today?

`clarabelais > Thanks you are an angel`

In less than 30 minutes she's supposed to be arriving.

This morning I reach out as promised and shared my plans for last night, and an
alternative option referencing her mention of getting coffee. In the afternoon,
she picked my original plans except of the wine, and proposed meeting at 16h. My
response confirming remains unopened.

I feel nervous. I feel still unconvinced that it is happening.

This is going to be our fourth date. I don't think I have ever come this far
with anyone after Sonny.

What is it with women I have kissed that I rarely see them again?

I have listened to her audio several times. There is something sweet in how she
pronounces my name. `Sof > it makes me feel as if i'm the one who's been
pronouncing it wrong all these years.`
