---
date: 2024-12-04
word_count: 760
reading_time: 2.9
epigraph: &poem |
  I shut close the drapes and turned off the lights.
  I took cover under the cold sheets, hiding myself
  from the coming storm within me.
poems:
  - title: The storm
    content: *poem
city: Montréal
dates:
  - "2024-12-03 (I told @Majo of feeling too drunk in the #Pharmacy before seeing @Aliza she tried to call me.)"
  - . (Cancelled my plans with @Majo; @Sonny transferred me the money for @Misael birthday.)
  - 2024-12-05 (Meeting with @Louis and postponed plans with @Majo.)
  - 2024-12-06 (Christmas lab lunch.)
people: [Aliza, Misael, "@María (María-José)", "@Majo (María-José)", Sonny]
tags: [Depression, Thesis, Raki, Dating, Motherhood]
notes: |
  Attended a talk about the process of thesis submission.
  Cancelled on Majo's plans.
  Fear of empty phone.
  "I am not capable of making life. Only death resides within me." (Dude, chill.)
---

# Wednesday, December 4th, 2024

I shut close the drapes and turned off the lights. \
I took cover under the cold sheets, hiding myself \
from the coming storm within me.

— Sofía

---

I woke up early enough that I could have gone to the office. I turned off the
alarm instead.

In my calendar I had but a single event. Today was a talk about the process of
submitting the thesis. It was scheduled to start at noon. I barely made it.

I made myself a glass of coffee with the last paper filter I had left. I sipped
it while I half-heard someone talk about the steps I would need to follow in the
upcoming year.

I don't remember if it was before or after the talk that I shut off my phone.

The only light inside my apartment is the desk lamp behind this dark screen.
Even if the curtains were open, it is dark outside despite being still too early
to drink.

I ran out of fingers to count the times I have cried today.

I had something to eat, so my stomach was not empty when I went back again to
the reused water bottle almost full of Alda's Albanian _raki_.

I feel the warm fruity breath with every sip I take.

Last night I drank enough that when I tried to speak at the pharmacy, my words
would drag and stumble upon themselves. I sent a text to Majo confessing I was
drunk before even getting to Aliza's. Her worry urged her to call me. I declined
her call and lied saying I was alright.

I do not know if it was noticeable enough for Aliza.

We had plans, María and I, to meet today after work. I cancelled on her. I
postponed it to tomorrow. I asked her to buy coffee filters for me, maybe
unconsciously pushing me to actually meet with her tomorrow.

A couple of hours ago, when I turned the phone and got out of bed, I grabbed
Albert Camus' book and started reading it. I had not yet started drinking. By
now, I have probably drunk more than last night. I do not know if I am trying to
hide from my emotions or push them out.

There are, here and then, small murmurs coming through my headphones,
interrupting the background music I put to drown my thoughts. I do not know
where they are coming from.

Last night, Aliza and I ate burgers at her house. I got myself a poutine with
mine. After talking about the girls I have gone out on dates these past few
months that she was busy with her school work, she reciprocated by telling me in
her words what I have been intuiting regarding Steph.

I do not know if she noticed I am starting to drown or that I was already self-
medicating with alcohol. I suspected María might have warned her. When I asked
her directly, she denied it. I have no reason to doubt her.

I turned back on my phone. I could not last more than a couple of hours. It has
not loaded yet, and I am feeling anxious about the idea of everything remaining
empty. No new messages, no new notifications or unreceived messages. An absence
that nobody noticed. A tree that fell in the forest without making any sound.

I keep drifting off—from these words, from my own feelings, from reality?—but I
am back.

I scanned two or three rolls. I watched the first half-an-hour of Lucía y el
sexo. I got drunk with the memories of my last kiss and little sips of alcohol
from an old water bottle.

Last time I turned on my phone I had the picture from Sonny for the transference
to Misael. There are some reels or images in the conversation with Majo and
Aliza, maybe another one in María's.

I am not sure if the Christmas lunch is tomorrow or Friday. I think it is the
6th. Tomorrow I will meet with Louis and then with María. The day after I will
go to the lab's lunch and will probably have a good-enough time. Next week I
will be waking up in another bed. The week after I will go back to not sleeping
alone.

Have I run out of tears already? Or are they just hidden from me?

Why am I thinking now about motherhood?

Why are the faceless children I dreamed of, with curly and blonde hair, coming
to me now?

I am not capable of making life. Only death resides within me.
