---
date: 2024-11-27
word_count: 792
reading_time: 3.0
epigraph: &poem |
Por años, el rojo fue mi color favorito.
Qué ingenua;
¿cómo podría comparar el fuego y el vino
con la cálida bienvenida de
su mirada turquesa e infinita,
incendiada en la luz ámbar de la madrugada?
Ofrecí venderle un secreto.
Qué ingenua;
¿cómo podría guardar cualquier misterio
si, al mirarme así y sin decir nada,
el océano inquieto de sus ojos
me desarma, me desnuda y me vuelve a vestir?
poems:
  - title: Mi color favorito
  - content: *poem
city: Montréal
dates:
  - date: 2024-11-24
    context: Feeling sick; posted IG story with mug from @Paty.
  - date: 2024-11-25
    context: Told @Clara I'm sick. Call with @Majo about mentioning the word regret.
  - date: 2024-11-26
    context: Posted IG story about going to Mexico that @Paty saw.
  - date: .
    context: "@Aliza practiced her candidacy with @Majo and I; met with @Sarah; @Misael created group for his birthday."
    locations: Boulangerie Jarry
people: ["@Majo", Aliza, Louis, Sarah, Clara, "@Paty", Misael]
events: [Candidacy-Aliza, Dating-Clara]
tags: [Sick]
notes: |
  Sent awkward text about "regretting" our kiss due to being sick.
  Misael added Paty to the birthday group.
---

# Wednesday, November 27th, 2024

> Por años, el rojo fue mi color favorito. \
> Qué ingenua; \
> ¿cómo podría comparar el fuego y el vino \
> con la cálida bienvenida de \
> su mirada turquesa e infinita, \
> incendiada en la luz ámbar de la madrugada? \
> Ofrecí venderle un secreto. \
> Qué ingenua; \
> ¿cómo podría guardar cualquier misterio \
> si, al mirarme así y sin decir nada, \
> el océano inquieto de sus ojos \
> me desarma, me desnuda y me vuelve a vestir?

---

I got sick after Saturday. Sunday I started with a tingling bad omen in my
throat. The next morning, I replied to an email to the lab letting them know it
would be impossible for me to join the lab meeting. I slept most of the day.

A sore throat turned into cough which then turned into allergy symptoms.

This morning Aliza practiced her candidacy presentation in a Zoom call with Majo
and me. I woke up at around 7h. I showered and walked to the bakery to buy
myself a croissant for breakfast. I had it with a large mug of coffee sitting
down at my desk not working.

Aliza is more ready than a couple of weeks ago. I think she will do fine.
Probably even better than how I did.

We dropped the call and I got back to my coding. I haven't been able to be
productive all week. I need to have something ready to show Louis tomorrow,
especially if I intend to tell him about my flight in two weeks.

I am wearing my mustard pants with a white button-up under a wine-coloured
sweater. When she saw me, Aliza asked me if I had dressed up to go to the lab or
if I was just overly-dressed to stay home. I did not tell her—I think—I have a
date with Sarah tonight.

Is it really a date?

I thought about cancelling. I had reason enough to do it. I did not.

A couple of days ago I let Clara know I had gotten sick and was worried about
being contagious. She non-chalantly disregarded my worries by saying that, being
the flu season, she would be getting sick one way or another.

I did not let it go and brought up explicitly my insecurity by mentioning our
kiss. I regretted my response shortly after sending it and considered deleting
it. It remained unseen for a complete day. To this moment, it is unacknowledged.

I told Majo about my regret, and she asked me about it. I told her I was
embarrassed and would prefer not to let her know its contents. It was as if
keeping it a secret I could avoid the responsibility of it.

I opened up this dairy thinking about how I haven't written in it all week. I
drafted a short poem at the top, as an epigraph. After finishing a wave of dread
washed over me. An intense urge to run away shocked my legs. Going away,
escaping. I texted Majo about how I felt the urge to ignore the nonexistent
message I did not receive from Clara, how I wanted to actively avoid seeing her
in the next few weeks and to force me to calm down my potentially uncontrollable
and unwarranted emotions.

She asked me where I was. After I told her I was still in my apartment, she
offered to call me. We talked for a bit about how I am feeling. I confessed how
I am scared by the intensity of my infatuation.

"The kiss did not make it better," she said somewhere in our conversation.

A couple of days ago I posted a story on Instagram of the pink book I borrowed
from the library. Next to it was the pink mug that Paty had given me. I made no
mention of it, despite intentionally including it in the frame. Paty took my
bait and sent me a short but direct acknowledgment.

`urfuckii.supreme > *Amo.*`

As if it meant anything, I avoided opening the conversation like a payback for
the many times that my messages were left as castaways. Yesterday, I posted
another story with a similar intention, but a different objective.

For some reason, immediately after posting a second one referencing my trip to
Mexico, I hid it from Clara's eyes. But, Paty saw it. She reached out, again,
asking me if I was coming to Mexico once again.

This morning—or was it last night?—I replied to her.

Misael added me to a group chat with information about his birthday party on the
14th. Curious, I went to the newborn chat's list of members, with the explicit
intention of seeing how many people I would recognize, and the preconscious urge
of looking for a specific name in there.

_jalilorthega a créé le groupe._

_jalilorthega a ajouté urfuckii.supreme._
