---
date: 2024-11-11
word_count: 1701
reading_time: 6.5
epigraph: Dear diary, today, with @aldaprofka and @vero.raphael, I discovered there is actually some fun in killing 8 year olds
epigraph_attribution: Sofía
city: Montréal
people:
  - Alda
  - Renzo
  - Aliza
  - "@Vlad (Vladyslav)"
  - Valerie
  # TODO: Confirm if without context aliases are treated as a single entry
  - "@The couple"
  - "@NB Postdoc"
  - Sophie
  - "@Vero (Veronica)"
  - "@Vero's brother (Peter)"
  - Rowan
  - Bliss
  - Walter
  - Johnathan
  - Sylvia
  - "@Majo"
  - Emily
  - Neda
  - Daniel (Daniel Andrews)
  - Clara
  - "@Paty (Patricia)"
locations:
  - Thomson House
dates:
  #- date: Somewhen??
  #  context: "Went to #N with @NB-Postdoc"
  #- date: Somewhen??
  #  context: "Went to #N with @The-couple"
  - date: 2024-03-08
    context: "Think back about last date with @Sophie at #N."
  - date: 2024-10-15
    context: "Memory of meeting @Renzo back with @Alda of Chinese Noodles & #Old-Port."
    # TODO: Confirm this spelling
    locations: Lang-zhou Noodles
    #  - date: Somewhen??
    #  context: "Went to #McKibbins with @Aliza and @Vlad"
    #- date: Somewhen??
    #  context: "Went to #McKibbins with @Valerie"
  - date: 2024-11-10
    context: "Indian Food with @Renzo and then Birthday party of @Vero."
    locations: [Bawarchi, McDonald's, Vero's, Lasertag]
    people: [Alda, "@Vero's brother (Peter)", Rowan, Bliss]

  - date: .
    context: "Bought coffee beans for birthday of @Walter at @Baristello; Student's and Postdoc's Seminar; #Thomson-House with @Majo."
    people:
      [Johnathan, Sylvia, Emily, Neda, Daniel (Daniel Andrews), Clara, Paty]
tags: [Introduction]
notes: |
  Busy entry full of references.
  Mentioned:
  - meeting Renzo (approx Oct, Old Port);
  - a night out with Aliza and her lab & a date with Valerie (??, McKibbins);
  - date with the @Couple (~2022) & the @NB Postdoc (??) and Sophie (24-03-08) N
---

# Monday, November 11th, 2024

> Dear diary, today, with @aldaprofka and @vero.raphael, I discovered there is
> actually some fun in killing 8-year-olds

— Sofía

---

I did not get home that late. Still I was exhausted enough I decided not to open
up my laptop to write.

Yesterday, I woke up already tired.

Alda reached out and gently reminded me we had planned with Renzo to meet for
Indian food in the early afternoon, in case I had forgotten. I thanked her and
confessed I actually did. That ruined my plans of sleeping in and barely
function in my living room until the early evening before getting ready for
meeting Vero. I instead got up from bed before noon and left the house not much
after.

I was the first one to arrive to the Indian restaurant. It was the second time
in the week I ate Indian food. I waited outside leaning on a black parting sign
listening to my iPod. Alda arrived a couple of minutes before the time we had
agreed to meet Renzo. We decided to come inside and wait for him there, guarded
against the autumn chilly winds. The waitress sat us in a table by the window. I
made notice of how we could see him arrive.

We did not see him come. He got inside and saw us first. We talked a bit about
what had happened in the three or four weeks since the last time we all met.
That time we had gone to eat Chinese noodles and walked around Old Port. He was
telling us about a guy he was going to meet for the first time in Verdun. He has
been dating him since. This man asked him to be boyfriends, but he got scared
from the term.

Contrary to the Indian restaurant I went to earlier in the week with Majo, this
one was full of Indian people. There was a large family dinning at the table in
front of us. The waitress, just like the waiter before, warned me about the
spice in my order.

We continued chatting and told him of our plans of meeting our friend, Vero, for
her birthday and going to play Lasertag. He told us about his experience and how
the game usually works.

"Wait, how old were you when you played?" I asked him later.

He did not remember exactly, but he was a teenager.

Alda said she felt like a drink, maybe that could help her enjoy the evening of
the game. She proposed going to McKibbin's. I tried to remember the times I have
been to that bar. I went to one of their branches with Aliza and some people of
her lab, including Vlad. Other time, many months—years, maybe?—before, I went to
a different one with Valerie. It was the date where I told her that I was
thinking of applying for a job as an editor of a journal.

When Alda mentioned her plan of ordering straight Whisky, I offered her instead
of going to N. I had just remembered reading the reference to that bar in the
text I sent Majo a couple of days before. When we got there, after we sat down
and maybe even after we had gotten our drinks, I told them about how I had been
there three times before. The last time it was my last date with Sophie. Before
that, I had gone on a date with a postdoc of McGill. The first one, it was also
a date but with a couple whom I later accompanied home and spent the night at
their house. All three of those times, I met with people whom I never saw again.

After finishing our drinks—them a glass of gin and me a cup of hot cider—we said
goodbye to Renzo and made a stop at McDonald's to grab a quick coffee before
going to Vero's.

She had asked us to arrive at 17h at the latest since we had to be at the place
at 17h30, and we could not be late. We made it there and even got inside and
went upstairs to her floor with plenty of time to spare. We knocked on her door
after confirming her apartment number with her by text. Her brother Peter
received us and made us small-talk while she finished getting ready. We were
late.

The guy at the entrance rushed us in and asked Alda to pay the rest of the
entrance fee, since the deposit didn't cover it completely. He reached the
terminal to her and the amount of 2.90 CAD appeared on the small screen. She
tapped her card on the top to make it disappear. When it got to my turn, the
screen displayed instead 26CAD. I hesitated before tapping my phone and asked
him why the charges were different. I didn't completely understand his
explanation since my mind was busy remembering how days before I had transferred
money to Vero to cover for the deposit of the place. I looked at her, and she
offered to pay for it. I said nothing and just moved myself to Alda's side.

As people kept paying, another 18-year-old wearing a green polo with the logo of
the place guided us to a small room where a video was playing with the
instructions of the game. The room would have been pitch-black were not for the
muted colours of the video on the large screen narrating a bunch of instructions
that I did not completely understand. I noticed the dark shapes of a large group
of kids sitting on the floor much younger than the expected teenagers.

"Do you have any questions?" the guy standing next to the screen reached out to
the kids.

"Are the grown-ups going to play, too?"

After the video ended and all the kids went first to the room next door to grab
the electronic vests that were hanging on two sets of protruding arms that
extended from the facing walls, it was our turn to come in and get ready. I
grabbed one and put it on awkwardly. I felt uncomfortable and self-conscious. I
wanted the activity to end even before it started.

The first half I felt uncomfortable shooting the electronic laser towards the
children that were half my size running around. I stayed on one of the corners
and met Rowan, the only non-black friend of Vero other than me and Alda.

"Oh, you speak Spanish?" she asked after I said something. "It shows," she
finished the thought after I answered affirmatively. There was no malice in her
way of saying it, yet I felt uncomfortable.

Bliss—is that how his name is spelled—activated something that was called spy
mode, which set to red the colour of his originally green vest. He was freely
shooting at our base and perpetually earning points. I did not care enough to
stop him.

I tried to play the game, but I felt too self-conscious of my large body moving
around.

The screen of my pistol stopped working. I went outside to tell one of the
workers. He instructed me to switch vests. I lost all the few points that I had
earned.

When I went back in, I decided to really try this time. I moved to the back and
decided to shoot at the kids that would try to approach and invade our base. I
would silently shoot at their backs or shoulders without them noticing. Some of
them just suddenly realized they had somehow run out of lives, others did become
aware of me, but had no time to do anything about it. By the time the last game
ended, even though I didn't notice if we won or lost, I saw that PLAYER11, me,
had the most points of the red team.

We finished the night at an Italian restaurant with some of Vero's friends. Alda
and I shared half-a-liter of the house's white wine. I got a plate of minestrone
soup and a sausage entrée. Alda got herself a Caesar's salad—not realizing the
waiter was up-selling her when he offered—, a lasagna and a second cocktail.

This morning I was able to wake up before 8h and get to the office on time. I
made a stop at Baristello to buy a bag of coffee beans. I thought I could get a
second one for Walter's birthday gift. There was an offer for three bags for 40
CAD.

I got to the lab and bought myself a large coffee and a carrot muffin from the
cafeteria on the third floor.

There was a student and postdoc's seminar where Jonathan presented his work
under Sylvia and Sylvain's supervision. Majo got there and sat on the row of
chairs by the wall behind me.

Halfway through the talk, I went outside to pee and saw a woman setting up the
platter of pizzas. Before coming back in, she asked me if I knew how many people
were inside.

The talk ended and I went outside with Majo. Both of us got a slice of the
vegetarian ones and went to a table where the second speaker was already
standing. Neither of us acknowledged him. Emily, a friend of Majo, came and
started talking to us.

I went to meet with Jonathan to say _Hi_. He was talking to Neda. I was catching
up with him, hearing about his upcoming thesis seminar and sharing my plans with
doing my postdoc with Sylvia, when the lady approached me with a plate.

"Here, I noticed you like vegetarian, have the last slice."

Today, I finally got the reviews—or rather single review—for the HVR paper that
I submitted back in late July. Daniel practiced his pre-submission meeting on
our lab meeting. I registered for the ADPD conference that will take place on
Vienna next spring and paid the 400EUR.

I texted Majo asking her if she wanted to do something in the afternoon. We went
to Thomson house and talked about friendship, unhealthy attachment, my anxieties
about showing my unreciprocated interest. She convinced me of reaching out to
Clara and being open about my needs and expectations.

I sent a text to both Clara and Paty.

Clara replied.
