---
date: 2024-12-03
word_count: 749
reading_time: 2.9
epigraph: &poem I miss the idea I built of you.
poems:
  - title: Muse
    content: *poem
city: Montréal
locations: [The Neuro]
dates:
  - 2024-11-29 (Renarrate shopping with @Alda and post-candidacy bar for @Aliza)
  - "2024-11-30 (Le Festival Triste at #Cinéma-Moderne with @Majo)"
  - 2024-12-01 (@Clara replied and told me about her housing issues.)
  - 2024-12-02 (Got irritated with @Sonny.)
  - ". (Sessions with @Franck and @Fabiola; got really drunk with raki before going to #Aliza's)"
people: [Franck, Fabiola, Aliza, Sonny, "@Majo", Clara]
tags: [Psychiatrist, Therapy, Meds, Alcohol, Raki, Dating-apps]
notes: |
  Increase the dose due to feeling down.
  Sips of *Raki*. Chekov's gun.
  Closed the apps.
---

# Tuesday, December 3rd, 2024

> _I miss the idea I built of you._

— Sofía

---

It's been sneaking in for a couple of days, but I was expecting this since
almost two months ago. It was long due.

I went yesterday to the office after skipping the whole week. I was sick for
most of it, but it did not stop me from actually going outside the house. I met
Alda to go pick up a gift for Paty, I met with Aliza to celebrate her passed
candidacy exam, I went with Majo to make use of the two tickets I bought for the
_Le Festival Triste_.

Today, I stayed home for both my sessions with the psychiatrist and with
Fabiola.

"I... I don't feel depressed yet, but I feel it coming. I think I'd like to
increase the dose."

He looked as if he was faking a face of compassion and understanding. We went
from 150 mg to 200 mg. I received the call from the pharmacy and I requested to
have the six weeks and the other month of my hormones and antiandrogens. That
would be precisely enough to last me the whole winter break.

I do not remember if it was before my session with Fabiola or after, that I
heated some beef and rice for breakfast. When I took out the tupperware
containers from the fridge I noticed the months old cans of beer and cider. Have
I really not drunk at home all this time?

I feel tempted to grab one. Even the water bottle filled with Albanian liquor
that Alda brought me from her last trip home feels appetizing.

"How about your romantic life?" asked me Fabiola after I said that everything
has been going well at the office and with my friends.

Do I want to write in here how before this sentence I stopped writing and went
for two sips of _raki_? I opened the fridge and realized it was only a deceiving
wrapper rather than a leftover can of cider. I considered grabbing the older—and
much stronger—beer. I have to leave in an hour. I do not think I will be able to
finish it nor that it would be a good idea to arrive at Aliza's noticeably
drunk.

Yesterday, rather than sadness or melancholy, I was in an easily-distractable
and irritable mood. I got angry with Sonny when, after I had repeatedly told her
to just give me a quantity to deposit her, she started over-explaining again
after giving me an initial number which I finish transferring by the moment she
was in the middle of arguing for me to send her more money. I realized I was not
rational, and thus I told her it would be better if we stopped talking. Later
that night I apologized by telling her I was aware I was not being fair, but I
still did not want to speak.

Thursday Aliza proposed me to go to her house to put her up to date with my
latest dating phase. I guess by now it is over. I have deleted my Tinder account
and hid my Hinge one. Both apps are no longer in my phone. I will not be seeing
Sarah again this year, and it will probably be the same with Clara.

It was probably the night between Saturday and Sunday, when she replied to the
latest messages I sent her earlier that same night asking her about her Peruvian
friend's food and sharing about the short films. She told me the details she had
omitted about her latest housing problems. She continued talking about her long
night working that same day and finishing with a question about the shorts,
half-way twisting it to a request for recommendations. I had my phone in my
hands and saw each message come up live. I hesitated but replied immediately.
Both my responses that night and the message I sent her yesterday asking her if
she would have a free evening this week are unseen.

As soon as I sent the latter, I regretted it.

Her latest messages were both a long vent—her own words, not mine—about her
roommates and how they need to find two replacements, rather than just one, and
her long working hours. My response was asking her to see me. It is not just
selfish, but tone-deaf. I deserve to remain ignored.

I lost count of how many times I have muted and unmuted her conversation.

I start feeling the _raki_ warming up my face.
