---
date: 2024-11-09
word_count: 970
reading_time: 3.7
epigraph: |
  "We'll see each other again, right? ...I hope?"
  "Yeah. No, yes. Definitively."
epigraph_attribution: Clara & Sofía
city: Montréal
people: ["@Majo", Alda, Aliza, Clara, "@Vero (Veronica)"]
dates:
  - date: 2024-05-25
    context: Reference to why I wanted to cancel with @Vero - Party at the Church.
  - date: 2024-11-08
    context: "Went to #Falafel-Yoni with @Majo. Talked about @Clara and how it felt different. Went bar-hopping without entering any. Mentioned sex-dreams with @Alda and @Aliza"
    locations:
      # TODO: When list, do not de-hyphenate.
      [
        Station Laurier,
        Station Rosemont,
        Dieu du ciel!,
        Siboire,
        Henrietta,
        Datcha,
        Darling,
        Bifteck,
        Station Saint-Laurent,
      ]
  - date: .
    context: "Second date with @Clara at #La-Maison-de-Mademoiselle-Dumpling. Told her about @Vero and the party at the Church and Lasertag the next day."
  - date: 2024-11-10
    context: Talk about going Lasertag with @Vero the next day.
events: [Dating-Clara, Friendship-Majo]
tags: [Sex-dream, Date]
---

# Saturday, November 9th, 2024

> "We'll see each other again, right? ...I hope?"

> "Yeah. No, yes. Definitively."

— Clara & Sofía

---

I went to eat falafel with Majo last night.

I don't remember the first half of the day up until I was sitting on the wall
benches right at the middle of the platform of the metro. The earbuds in my ears
made me feel invisible as I waited for her. I got there earlier.

She arrived and did not see me. She called me from one of the exits. When she
came back, she got walked down to the opposite side of me. I saw her walking
with hear headphones on her head. I whistled and called her name, but she did
not notice me. When she finally turned, I pointed to the direction she was
walking and met upstairs.

We decided to catch another train and move another station further west to get
closer to the place.

We stayed in the food joint eating and talking, keeping each other company. We
talked about friendship, family, and first love. Somewhere in our conversation I
confessed to her how I was unsure of reaching out to Clara and if the date was
going to take place.

My head went back to earlier this year and how I craved the idea of being
pursued. How warmth it felt to be the one to affirm the question about the
potential of meeting again. The disappointment of having to reach out to the
void asking whether I am wanted or not.

Leaving _Falafel Yoni_, we had the intention of keeping the night and
conversation alive in a bar nearby. We tried _Dieu du ciel!_, _Siboire_,
_Henrietta_, _Datcha_, _Darling_; we kept walking through St-Laurent hoping to
find a place with some available space to sit down. By the time we passed
_Bifteck_, we decided to just call it a night.

"Not to pressure you or anything, but I did say that I would text her when we
were at the bar," I said to Majo when we were a couple of blocks before _Station
St-Laurent_.

We talked about women's inherent issues with identifying or expressing their
desire. I told her about the sex dream I had with Aliza during our evening and
night together in Maryland. Then, I also talked about the way Alda got worried
after I shared I had a sex dream of her, only to then share she had dreamed
about me before, too, after I calmed down her nerves of thinking I was into her.

We parted ways when we went to different directions of the green line. I hid
again in my music and wrote down a draft of the short text that I would send her
on Instagram, still unconvinced. I did not send it by the time the metro
arrived.

I think I was already back home when I ended up reaching out. Not long after,
she liked the past text from Monday and told me that she could do lunch today.
She forewarned me, though, that she would have to get back to work. It was my
call.

I woke up today without the alarm at around 6h or 7h. I dreamed that she had
gotten back to me with a reason to cancel or postpone. There were no real new
messages on the screen of my phone.

Around an hour later, she surfaced with a text proposing to meet at a dumpling
place she's been intending to check out. She had a second suggestion, in case
dumplings were not my thing, consisting of a café nearby that she frequents.

We did go to the dumpling place. I got there first. I peeked inside wondering if
she was already there. I texted her asking about it. She was one minute away,
she said, thus I stayed outside and sat down on a bench nearby.

She asked me about the birthday plans for tomorrow. I told her about the
Lasertag, how I had already paid for it despite not being too fond of the idea,
and Alda's offer of killing me prematurely to quickly end my suffering. I told
her about the story I owed her about the second to last time I met with Vero,
and she made us crash a family party in a church. I asked her about if she
missed our shared cultural custom of kissing on the cheek as a greeting and
farewell. I then asked her if she has ever offered or been asked to take
pictures of her dates. We talked about it. I don't remember if I told her how
that question had risen from my recent reading of the night with Bea.

I did not finish my plate of noodles. I told her that even though I did not want
her to leave, I understood if she had to. She asked me for the time before
looking at it herself on her phone screen. It was 10 minutes before 14h, the
time she had set aside for me.

"I have 10 more minutes, then," I said smiling. "Good."

The 10 minutes passed us. Maybe, if I had not said anything about how she was
giving me extra time, she probably would have stayed for longer.

We paid for our food and walked together to the corner of the street. Somewhen
in our date, I proposed to her to talk in French the next time we met. Somewhen,
too, she apologized for not reaching out until Friday. She reassured me then
that she would be less busy from now on. Still, when we were saying our
goodbyes, just like last time, she proposed the doubt of whether we'd see each
other again, and added the clarification that she would hope so. It was me who
assured us both.

`Sof > Alda!` \
`Sof > she's making dating fun`
