---
date: 2024-11-19
word_count: 749
reading_time: 2.9
epigraph: |
  Are free anytim this weekend?

  You*
epigraph_attribution: Clara
city: Montréal
locations: [Café Nocturne, Le toasteur, Parc Jarry, Pharmacy, Brewsky]
dates:
  - date: 2024-11-17
    context: "Brunch with @Sarah at #Le-toasteur; drinks with @Alex at #Brewsky."
    people: Miriam
    locations: [Café Nocturne, Parc Jarry, Pharmacy]
  - date: 2024-11-18
    context: "@Nicola liked me on Hinge; Meaningless chat with @Isabelle on Tinder. Talk about first kiss."
    people: [Aliza, Majo]
  - date: .
    context: Session with @Fabiola
people: [Sarah, Alex, Fabiola, Miriam, "@Majo", Aliza, Nicola, Isabelle]
tags: [Therapy, Depression, Sexual-assault]
notes: |
  Nicola liked me on Hinge, not remembering me. Isabelle is just an anonymous tinder match.
  I tell Majo & Aliza how my first kiss with Jessica could be sexual assault.
---

# Tuesday, November 19th, 2024

> Are free anytime this weekend?

> You\*

— Clara

Fabiola suggested me to give writing another try. I started our session by
telling her how these past few days I have not been feeling that great. I did
not go to the office neither today nor yesterday. Both days I found it really
hard to get out of bed.

I skipped my dose Saturday night. I met with Sarah Sunday morning. We met
outside _Le toasteur_. The wait was going to be an hour, so she took my offer of
getting a coffee beforehand at _Café Nocturne_. I told her my story of being
stood up and curing my hungover at that same place.

We chatted and had our late breakfast. I walked her to her car by _Parc Jarry_.
We talked about meeting again some time before my departure next month. On my
way back to my apartment, I passed by the pharmacy to finally pick up my
medication.

I don't remember if I wrote about it, but I met with Alex. I saw his story with
his partner at _Centre Bell_ and after slightly catching up, we agreed to meet
Sunday evening. I proposed Brewsky. It was the first time either of us saw each
other since College. I enjoyed talking with him much more than I thought I
would.

Miriam texted me asking how my date had been. I asked her about her coffee date
with her French guy.

`Miriam > No me gustó` \
`Miriam > Todo me dice que ahorita le pare y me enfoque en los negocios`

Coming back from my second Platonic date, after promising him I would send him
my journal entry of my night with Bea, I grabbed my laptop and took it with me
to bed. Instead of writing about our chat, I went in and edited it a bit more. I
uploaded the PDF to Google Drive and sent him the link. Yesterday—or maybe
today—he liked the message as a mark of appreciation.

Yesterday was a day I completely lost.

I did try to work. I sat down at the computer and continued working on my
scripts. I progressed. I still felt like I failed.

I had no food and lacked the energy to put on clothes for going outside to get
groceries. I ordered myself a pizza, justifying the high price with the fact
that it would serve me for three or even four days.

I don't want to write about Nicola and how she liked me on hinge, forgetting
that we had met and gone out on a date two or three years ago. I don't want to
write either about Isabelle—is that even her name?—with whom I exchanged
Instagram accounts after she apologized for not responding to my texts.

`soffiafdz > have u had the time to stalk the old pics in my profile or was it
just me?`

I feel the sadness creeping up in the corners, like the little mice that have
sneakily eaten all the peanut butter that I put in the traps. In my session I
briefly talked about the idea of being a mother or a father.

`Sof > im not sure but i think my first kiss could have been considered sexual
assault`

The subject seemed to come up again. Majo started talking about one of her
friend talking about how her last date had been so attentive and caring, by
walking her to the metro. We started talking about gender expectations, and
their difference in homosexual relationships compared to straight ones. Aliza
brought up the safety issue, which led me to mention how I over-trust my dates
because they are women.

I did not bring the subject up to Fabiola. I remember how the last time I
thought about this and mentioned it to Sonny, I intentionally left it out or
avoided going into detail when I wrote about that day in the journal. Right now,
again, I seem to be doing everything to walk around it.

Aliza asked me how old we were. I told her I don't really remember. I had not
reached puberty, and neither of them either. They played putting on a lipstick
that smelled rancid to me. I felt uneasy even before they started. They both got
over me and I couldn't move away. I don't remember feeling their lips even
though they both kissed me all over my face and neck. The only thing I remember
is the smell. Would it not count anymore if they missed my lips?
