---
date: 2024-11-14
word_count: 1509
reading_time: 5.8
epigraph: hey, i really want to see you. it's very short notice, but are you free tomorrow? or this weekend?
epigraph_attribution: Sofía
city: Montréal
dates:
  # TODO: Double-check this
  - date: 2024-11-16
    context: "Make plans of going to #Cinéma-Moderne with @Miriam"
  - date: .
    context: Birthday of @Walter and first date with @Florence.
    locations: [The Neuro, McDonald's, Walter's, Brewsky, Station Jarry]
    # TODO: Check that the person mentioned in the dates MUST BE one of the ones in people.
    people:
      [
        Louis,
        Sasha,
        Marc-Antoine,
        Raphaël,
        Reza,
        Aliza,
        Melissa,
        Amélie,
        Jana,
        Mónica,
        Clara,
      ]
people:
  - "@Majo"
  - Walter
  - Florence
  - Louis
  - "@Sasha"
  - Marc-Antoine
  - Raphaël
  - Reza
  - Aliza
  - Clara
  - Miriam
  - "@Walter's friend (Melissa)"
  - Amélie
  - Jana
  - Mónica
events: [Dating-Clara]
tags: [Date, First-date, Motherhood, Pregnancy, Tarot, Trans, Bipolar]
notes: Mentions of pregnancy/menstruation dreams (unkwown dates). Intersection of themes about motherhood, bipolar and transness.
---

# Thursday, November 14th, 2024

> hey, i really want to see you. it's very short notice, but are you free
> tomorrow? or this weekend?

— Sofía

---

I was arriving to _Station Jarry_ when Majo replied to my text saying they were
still at Walter's house drinking mezcal and talking about their biggest heart-
breaks. I was very tempted to do what I recently did with Majo of turning around
and getting back to meet with them. Despite considering it, I did not go peeing
before leaving Brewsky with Florence. I changed my mind mid-text and came back
to my original plan of coming home.

I went to the office in the morning since I had a meeting with Louis. Sasha
switched places and moved to the Viper Pit with Marc Antoine and Raphaël. I
remember not understanding Reza's questions whether it was personal for me
leaving that office. Now, seeing her grab her computer and switching places, I
suddenly could relate with Reza's insecurity.

I received Aliza's proposal document in the morning and I promised her I would
look at it throughout my day. I did. I kept going back to it here and then when
I needed a distraction from my python script adapting the HVR CNN for modular
use.

"Sofía, I have a question. What is this?" asked me Raphaël early in my day,
before I had even finished my coffee. I talked with him about my use of the
terminal, tmux and vim. How I prefer a workflow that is centered on the
keyboard. I talked about my choice of window manager and how coding and
scripting became a hobby for me while I was doing my master's.

In the early evening, I agreed to meet Majo before going to Walter's place. We
went to have something to eat at McDonald's. On the way there she told me about
how she feels in love with her work related to babies. She sees them, handles
them, carries them, and feels some sort of intrinsic physical urge for them. She
was sure of not wanting to have kids. A security that is no longer there.

I told her about my two dreams: the one where I dreamed I had a period and the
other one where I dreamed I had gotten pregnant. Maternity was a subject that we
had been coming back to lately and which was very present in our conversation
today.

Since the very morning I woke up, particularly during my walk to the metro as I
was going to the office, I kept coming back to the idea of reaching out to Clara
despite not having an answer from my latest messages. I wanted to tell
her—confess?—that I want to see her. Ask her if she is free this weekend, even
despite the fact that mine it is not.

Miriam texted me during the day. She said she had not found anything
particularly fun for this Saturday. She proposed going for coffee or maybe going
to the movies. I replied that both ideas seemed good to me. I asked her what
films were recently out. The new gladiator movie with Pedro Pascal and Paul
Mescal came to mind. I was disappointed to find out that it was still not out. I
remembered _Cinéma Moderne_. Looking into their schedule I found a showing of
several award-winning shorts and a talk with one of the film-makers. I thought
about the dating idea I had saved for Clara and proposed it as a Platonic date
for Miriam. She seemed fond of the idea, so I bought the two tickets. She'd
confirmed with me later about when to meet, given she had an appointment that
would end at 17h. I thought I could always invite Majo were she not able to make
it.

Walter texted us to say that he was ready, and we were welcome to come to his
house whenever we were ready just a couple of minutes after we finished our
McDonald's burgers.

Melissa, the friend that I met once with Aliza and Alda was the second person to
arrive after us. Then it was Amélie and her boyfriend. Jana was the last one to
arrive just around half-an-hour before it was my time to leave. She brought a
cake and a six-pack of Chinese beers.

"I love you", I told her jokingly as she took the warm bottles out of her
backpack.

I agreed to meet Florence at Brewsky at 20h. I had calculated to take a bus
there, but I missed it. I had to walk—run—to catch the 107 one that would get me
a bit closer. During the walk by the Old Port at night, as I passed next to the
lamps that shined like a strip of lightened ants next to the barely visible
water of the river, I kept thinking about Clara. I considered more and more
sending out that text that was haunting me since the morning.

A couple of minutes before my arrival, I opened the Tinder conversation with
Florence and there was a last message letting me know she had arrived. I told
her how there were two sides/entrances to the same bar, and we never agreed on
which one to meet. I went to the wrong one and got in. I told the bus boy I was
not sure if my friend was already inside. All the tables were full of people, so
he told me they were probably on the other side. Florence was indeed on a table
next by the entrance.

It wasn't until I sat down in front of her that I noticed how she was the
spitting image of Monica. The shape of her face, her round eyes, the silhouette
of her smile. Years ago that would have been reason enough for me to want to be
close to her, to find out if the taste of her lips would awaken long forgotten
memories.

In her strong French accent, she asked me if I was willing to get a tarot read.
She had just gotten a deck from her friend, and she thought it would be fun to
use it to find out my goal of the night. I excitedly agreed, without really
worrying about what secrets would the cards reveal her.

My card was the chariot. She explained how it had to do with the future. How I
was coming in a way to find out how to move forward, discovering what is it that
I want and how I could achieve it.

Hers was the fool. From what I understood it was about childhood innocence and
playful discovery.

We ordered our drinks and started our conversation. She mentioned she had been
going through something very dramatic. She had to send out very deep and
emotional texts. Later in the night, she let me know that they had to do with a
trans woman who had gotten her pregnant. She aborted the baby and had to deal
with the pain and grief of her choice without letting her know. Years later, she
had come back to her life and she was not ready to face her.

Offhandedly, she had mentioned she was tired. She had only slept a couple of
hours last night. I told her I could relate thinking back to the fairly recent
nights where I didn't need to sleep.

"This is something that I always try to say on the first date. I am bipolar."

For the first time, it wasn't me who had to confess something in the first date.

Like Alice, many years ago, now it was me who said _me too_.

When I asked her about her experiences disclosing to her dates, I shared that
for me personally it was not something that I really think of. It wasn't until
one or two hours later that I finished the thought and let her know that I am
trans.

She did not know.

I saw in her eyes as she connected the dots moments before mentioning out loud
the trans flag that is next to the Mexican one in my profile. She had seen it,
noticed it, suspected it; yet she was not sure. She saw my pictures, she saw me
in person, she was sitting, facing me, for hours, and yet she was still
surprised when I mentioned it.

After two pints on my side and three of hers, we called it a night. We walked
together to the metro and rode the orange line until Berri-UQAM, where she took
off to switch to the green line.

As she left the train, I sat down on a free seat by the window. I grabbed my
phone, opened Majo's conversation to let her know how I would talk to her about
my latest date in relation to 1) being bipolar, 2) maternity, 3) her being the
spitting image of Monica, 4) the trans flag, and 5) the tarot reading.

In another conversation, I wrote a raw, vulnerable, and hopeful text that I
desperately hope won't be long before it's opened and, eventually, replied.
