---
date: 2024-11-12
word_count: 810
reading_time: 3.1
epigraph: Je t’écris pour t’informer que je viens de voir une souris courir dans mon appartemant.
epigraph_attribution: Sofía
city: Montréal
# TODO: If just one date, use locations field. No need for redundancy.
locations:
  # Figure out what will happen with all the merging context of MentionedDates.
  # It should be a field of the Entry-Date relationship, as it heavily depends on Entry.
  # People & Locations should merge in their own relationships.
  # TODO: Consult with Claude.
dates:
  # TODO: Check if ~ goes on its own field or it's inside date.
  - date: "~"
  - date: 2024-11-11
    context: "#Thomson-House with @Majo"
  - date: .
    context: "@Paty reached out on IG. Mock Candidady of @Aliza. Found mice."
    locations: [Boulangerie Jarry, Metro, Station Sherbrooke]
    people: [Didier, "Vicky", Alda]
  - date: 2024-11-13
    context: "Talk about video-call with @Majo and @Aliza, before my session with @Fabiola"
# TODO: If just one date, use people field. No need for redundancy.
people: [Didier, "@Majo", "@Paty", "@Vicky", Aliza, Alda, Fabiola]
events: [Candidacy-Aliza]
tags: [Mice, Candidacy]
notes: Mock candidacy of Aliza. First appearance of mice in the appartment.
---

# Tuesday, November 12th, 2024

> _Je t'écris pour t'informer que je viens de voir une souris courir dans mon
> appartemant._

— Sofía

---

I washed my sheets yesterday. The warmth and sweet smell made it more difficult
to get out of bed in the morning. I had the PD meeting that was cancelled last
week at the Neuro, but it was not until noon.

I made a stop at the bakery before taking the metro. This time, instead of
buying a croissant, I got myself a pain au choco-amandes and I started eating it
on my way to the Neuro. I finished it even before getting to _Station
Sherbrooke_.

This past few weeks I've been having to walk all the way to the office. They are
working on _des Pins_, so the 144 bus takes a detour. These 4 km walks might be
a contributing factor to me losing weight. Last time I weighted myself I hit the
soft goal of reaching 75Kg. Yesterday, as I was walking to Thomson besides Majo,
I was telling her how my green pants that I bought just a couple of months ago
in Philadelphia are now loose on my body. I told her I was still a couple of
kilograms shy of my goal of reaching my body of two years ago. She told me I was
thin enough and, any more, to her eyes, would be too much.

I saw a notification from Instagram on my phone as I was walking outside the
metro station. It was from Paty. She had laughed at the reel I sent her that
said: _Cuando the escribo que estoy en tu ciudad y me respondes: ojalá te
diviertas!_

`urfuckii.supreme > *¿Cómo crees, Sofía?*`

Paty's was the second of the two messages I did not open.

I worked in the morning until the time came to look for the room where the
meeting would take place. I saw Vicky pass by, and I asked her if she knew where
it would be. After she told me how it would be where the IGNS meetings take
place, and she was walking in direction to the Viper Pit, I asked her if she was
going there. She said yes and offered me to walk with her.

I felt hungry after the meeting despite having had breakfast.

Aliza sent me the link for her mock candidacy. I did not have time to do much
work before it was the time to connect. I took my iPad, headphones, a small
notepad and my water bottle and went towards the small cabin for
videoconferences. The meeting started at 15H, and it wasn't until a couple of
minutes before 17H that it ended. I made some comments and suggestions, but the
majority of the feedback was given by her supervisors.

I texted Majo and told her how Aliza is even less ready than what I had thought.
There was almost no information about the other aims that she has yet to start.
I emailed her my thoughts and offered to help her in any way I can. We'll have a
video-call tomorrow morning before my session with Fabiola.

I passed by metro and bought a plate of hummus, a bag of bologna, a bag of
Caesar salad, and a small chicken sandwich. I ate the submarine on my walk to
the metro. When I got to the station, I thought about passing by the library to
pick up the book that was set apart for me. I started it on the way back home,
but I could not read more than a handful of pages.

I got home, set aside my stuff and lied down on my couch to watch unimportant
stuff in my phone. I sensed a shadow move in that barely perceptible field of
view. I turned my head and caught notice of a small brownish mouse run in the
white vent of the heating system of my apartment.

I stood up paradoxically since the least thing that I wanted to do was to go
search for the rodent. I drafted an email in French to Didier to let him know. I
passed the broom through the apartment looking for droppings. There was a lot of
dust—too much more than what should be—but no poops. I moved the bed and heard
noises coming from the closet. I went there and saw another—hopefully the same,
but probably not—mouse run from one end of the back closet towards the other.

I decided to put on some shoes and buy some traps from Dollarama. I had not
finished setting my thoughts in order before I saw yet another—again, hopefully
the same—small brown animal escape from the room towards the back of the
television.

Alda offered me to sleep at her place. I considered it, but decided against it.
Hopefully I am able to sleep without focusing on the silence of the night
