---
date: 2024-11-15
word_count: 859
reading_time: 3.3
epigraph: hi Sofía, sorry i am not really
epigraph_attribution: Clara
city: Montréal
dates:
  # TODO: All contexts should be converted into a set ordered by the date of the Entry they were mentioned in.
  # That way, everything is together for dates that don't have their own entry.
  # TODO: Correct these with actual date
  #- date: ???
  #  context: Posting picture of "old me" on IG
  #- date: Alexia's date
  #  context: Think about night with @Alexia to masturbate.
  #- date: Date with @The-couple
  #  context: Think about @The-couple and what could have happened to masturbate.
  # TODO: When people are "remembered", should they be in their own date or the date they were remembered in???
  # For now, keep both. The reference of what was remembered and the act of remembering (IF SIGNIFICANT TO THE DAY).
  - date: 2024-11-14
    context: Remember context of @Florence being hospitalized. Then, stream of memories as I masturbate that night.
    people: [Alexia, The couple, Mónica]
  # Consider using `.` to signal entry's date as `~` to signal NOT entry's date
  - date: .
    context: "@Sonny thinks I'm manic. "
    people: [Alda, Clara, Majo]
people:
  -
  - Sonny
  - "@Clarabelais (Clara)"
  - Florence
  - Alexia
  - "@The-couple"
  - "@Majo"
  - Alda
  - Mónica
events: [Dating-Clara]
tags: [Hypomania, Bipolar, Old-pictures]
notes: |
  References to bipolar impulsivity:
  The night I went with the couple (what's their name?).
  The urge to post a pre-transition picture.
  Fantasy with the couple (beyond the limits of sexuality).
---

# Friday, November 15th, 2024

> hi Sofía, sorry i am not really

— Clara

---

Sonny thinks I might be slipping somewhere closer into a hypomanic episode.
After yesterday's conversation with Florence and how she was hospitalized for a
month in a mental institute while having psychosis, the word mania feels so far
away and unreachable.

Before I was first diagnosed a couple of years ago, I remember posting a picture
of me sitting at a table in Argana, arching my fingers over the wood and smiling
directly to whoever was behind the camera. The caption below the picture said:
_Male version of me; he's hot_.

Tonight I felt the urge to look for a picture from 10 years ago. I found one
standing in front of the ruins of somewhere in Spain. My hair is just as black;
shorter, but not too much. There is dark facial hear around my mouth, arched in
a subtle, but warm smile. My eyes are smaller, but the difference is barely
noticeable; present, yet so faint that you can only perceive something different
without being able to locate where exactly. I contrasted that picture with one
more than 120 months in the future. I am standing somewhere in this apartment,
wearing a blouse in a red only a couple shades away from the previous one. My
skin seems softer, a delicate softness that is apparent as a lighter tone. My
eyes seem fuller and round. Unlike my previous life, I don't care for
subtleties; my smile is full, overbearing with intention. Despite being a decade
older, there is an aura of youth around me.

_Radiant_, was how Sonny described me.

I, just like a couple of years ago, felt tempted to share this stark contrast.

_Who looks older?_

Last night, Florence shared with me her intimate and personal story of having
aborted a pregnancy from an Australian trans woman. I can't remember now if I
was thinking of her, of my own Mónica, when I touched myself under the sheets.
Maybe it was about the preambles of my first kiss with Alexia, or the usual
fantasy of what would have happened had I kissed the woman of the couple with
whom I was cuddling on her couch. The fantasy evolves to me accepting the
advances of her partner. I grab him without letting go of his girlfriend. I turn
towards him and start kissing him. I rub his chest while her hands are on my own
body. I unzip his pants and start following with my mouth the path that my hands
had just walked. I did not think of Florence nor her trans partner before I
reached my orgasm. It was not until I felt the clear and warm liquid that
stained my sheets and wet my fingers, that they came to mind.

I woke up early in the morning. I attributed it to the alcohol my lack of
capacity to go back to sleep despite being 7h. I was on my phone. I replied to
some texts—maybe Sonny's or Alda's.

It was later in the morning. I was just starting to wash the dishes before
starting to brew my iced coffee. I was on a call with Sonny. Clara's name showed
up in a red notification on the top of my screen. The first words that I
unintentionally read made me lose my breath. My mind stopped in the middle of a
thought as I just stopped speaking. Another notification followed. I left the
soaped up dishes and walked towards my room when a third one came.

I didn't want to open them. Instead, I refreshed the story of what had happened
to Sonny.

With the context that I could infer from the half-messages that I was able to
read by the shooting notifications, my worry of an outright rejection was almost
completely dissipated.

I don't remember if I was still on the call with Sonny, when I dared to fully
read what Clara had said.

`clarabelais > hi Sofía, sorry i am not really reactive (although ironically more than usual)` \
`clarabelais > unfortunately this weekend i have a friend visiting from California, trying to juggle between this and work, i'm not sure i would have some time left tho i would have loved seeing you`

She continued, as if she wanted to avoid a rejection.

`clarabelais > i'll let you know about like sunday maybe, but can't promise`

Throughout the day I have been trying to work, but I have not been able to
successfully hold my focus.

I texted Majo a couple of minutes ago.

`Sof > me tome mis pastillas hace como 45 minutos y ya me estoy empezando a
sentir mal`

I was tempted to order a couple of A&W burgers, but instead decided to eat a
second pita with hummus and bologna. The last pita bread had a green spot of
mold. I considered again the idea of ordering, before thinking about using a
couple of corn tortillas instead. They were damp in a liquid that I didn't quite
trust. Fortunately, I found a bag of instantaneous soup on my counter. Now I'll
have another bowl of it, before going to pass out in my bed.
