---
date: 2024-11-08
word_count: 835
reading_time: 3.2
epigraph: &ref |
  Every day I send you an e-mail, in it I write
  my news, every time I end with a request: if
  you’re there and you’re well,
  don’t write back.
epigraph_attribution: &auth Tadeusz Dąbrowski
city: Montréal
# If Locatons don't appear here but below and city can be inferred, accept it.
# People is needed due to alias/name/full-name heuristics.
people:
  - "@The-Editor (Bea)"
  - "@Majo (María-José)"
  - Clara
  - Sonny
  - "@Paty (Patricia)"
  - "@Vicky (Victoria)"
  - Louis
  - Marc-Antoine
  - "@Sasha (Alexandra)"
  - Raphaël
  - "@Mom (Laura)"
events: [Dating-Clara]
dates:
  - date: 2024-04-24
    # TODO: Make sure people and locations from context are merged with their own fields
    context: "Date at #Typhoon-Lounge and night with @Bea; Sent @Majo related journal snapshot."
    locations: Bea's
  - date: 2024-11-02
    context: "First date with @Clara at #Chez-Ernest and then #A&W."
  - date: 2024-11-07 
    # TODO: Make sure people and locations can be inferred from context
    context: "@Bea appears on Tinder; Vicky organized drinks evening at #Thomson-House. I post IG story with the sweater made by my @Mom."
    people: [Sasha, Marc-Antoine, Raphaël, Sonny, Paty, Clara]
    locations: The Neuro
  - date: .
    context: "@Clara went back to like the IG story she had seen the day before."
    locations: La graine brûlée
references:
  - content: *ref
    source:
      title: Orpheus and Eurydicus
      author: *auth
      type: poem
  - description: "Bea's tattoo on her leg"
    mode: visual
    source:
      title: To the Lighthouse
      type: book
      author: Virginia Woolf
tags: [Date, First-date, Introduction, IG-story, IG-return]
notes: Beginning of Clara arc: introduction and first date.
---

# Friday, November 8th, 2024

> Every day I send you an e-mail, in it I write \
> my news, every time I end with a request: if \
> you're there and you're well, \
> don't write back.

- Tadeusz Dąbrowski

---

Yesterday, the picture of Bea—with her greyish blue eyes and her closed-mouth
smile, with the quote from _To the Lighthouse_ and the vague invitation for
casual fun that could flower into something greater—came up among the series of
pictures of strangers in Tinder. I paused my procrastination of almost
mindlessly rejecting the vague idea of women formed by one or two pictures by
the swipe of a finger. I thought about that night almost half a year ago. I was
back to that evening in a barely occupied bar in NDG, to that night on a bed
inside an apartment just five minutes away.

I swiped to the right. In the minutest moment I imagined a thousand
possibilities, every one of them crumbled down when nothing happened. I found a
rejection in the uneventfulness.

That same day—or maybe one before—I sent María José the snapshot from my journal
that surrounded my encounter with _The Editor_.

"Toca aprender de mis otros casi-algos que la atención no se ruega; if they're
interested, they'll let me know", I wrote to Majo mere moments before I shared
in our conversation the picture of the co-protagonist of that short story from
my past.

I was referring to one of the latest women I met in this last phase of dating
since the break I took this summer. The French filmmaker and photographer.
Clara, the woman whom I met and conversed with months ago before cancelling
last-minute on her and deleting the dating apps. We rematched without
recognizing each other. I confessed my sin after I remembered when I found an
archived screen picture of our last messages in French. Still, she decided to
meet with me.

`Clara > and if first dates are too stressful, let's skip to the second one
directly, technically we already almost had one.`

I wore a red dress and a face of make-up to our date in _Chez Ernest_. She came
a couple of minutes late. I recognized her as soon as she stepped foot inside
the half-empty bar. I stood up and hugged her, initiating the conversation that
would continue for more than six hours until it ended with a second hug at the
bus stop outside an A&W.

Unlike many other dates, she replied enthusiastically—albeit one or two days
later—when I reached out to tell her I would love the idea of seeing her again.
She suggested the next weekend when she might be free if she worked efficiently
the week up to it. I accepted the invitation and proposed to touch base again by
the end of the week. That message, up to this moment five days later, remains
unopened.

In the middle of our date, she asked to see some of my pictures. I grabbed my
phone and opened my Instagram account. She inspected some of them and then
glanced up to the username that served as a title of the screen. She thought
aloud to herself how she would remember it to search me later.

_Later_ came much earlier than I expected when she stood up to the restrooms and
searched for me there.

Last night, Vicky organized an evening of drinks at Thomson House. This time we
were many more people than the last one, when it was just her and me as the
elders accompanying the three new PhD students that have joined our lab this
summer. Beside the—both old and new—students of Louis, there were also a couple
of women who were co-supervised by him whose names I don't remember.

After leaving the clubhouse and one by one of my older labmates were stepping
off the group to follow their route home, I opened up one of the pictures I took
of myself in The Neuro's restroom mirror and posted it as a story on Instagram.
My reflection was standing phone in hand, wearing the brown and cream sweater my
mother knitted me under the gray sports coat that I found and bought at Eva B.
_My mom made me and this sweater_, I captioned it.

The first person to see it and like it was Sonny, less than a minute before it
was posted. Then it was Paty. Then, a bunch of other nameless acquaintances. I
was sitting on my black couch in front of the unwatched television when I saw
Clara in the list of spectators, before I got distracted by the sudden
appearance of an old paramour.

This morning, I woke up with the notification that Clara—a couple of minutes
past midnight and around two hours after she first saw it—went back to it to
like it.

Right now I see _La grain brûlée_'s toy Ferris Wheel spinning past the screen of
my laptop as I consider whether echo my unseen message asking whether I'll see
the last woman whom I am inevitably idolizing.
