---
date: 2025-03-02
word_count: 2428
reading_time: 9.3
epigraph: Te amaré en este futuro y el próximo
city: [Montréal, Ciudad de México]
locations:
  # TODO: If there is a _, preserve hyphen and use _ as spacer instead
  # TODO: Name of the book shops
  - Montréal: [Place-d'armes, Complex-Desjardins, Palais-des-Congres, Book-shops, Station_Lionel-Groulx]
  - Ciudad de México: [Coyoacán]
people: ["@Majo", Zahra, Aliza, Clara, Kate, Alda, "@Kath (Katherine)", Hilary]
dates:
  # TODO: Check that mixture of levels is valid in YAML
  - ??? (Memory of watching a story of @Kate on Nuit Blanche years before.)
  - ??? Date with Clara (You cut your hair! - @Zahra notices from the day we met.)
  - ??? Coyoacán (I bought the red anklet with @Alda.)
  - ??? Night of Jan (I give the red anklet to @Clara. She tried to put it on, but coudn't.)
  - date: 2025-03-01
    description: Nuit Blanche with @Majo, @Zahra, and her friends.
    locations: [Place d'armes, Complex Desjardins, Palais des Congres, Book-shops, Station Lionel-Groulx]
  - . (Cancelled plans with @Aliza. Red-anklet on @Clara. Reply to @Kath. Text to @Hilary. @Paty texts before I delete IG again.)
references:
  - description: Song is playing on the television as I write.
    source:
      title: nadie va a pensar en ti mejor que yo
      author: Ed Maverick
      type: song
  - content: |
    Ya no será
    ya no
    no viviremos juntos
    no criaré a tu hijo
    no coseré tu ropa
    no te tendré de noche
    no te besaré al irme
    nunca sabrás quién fui
    por qué me amaron otros.
    
    No llegaré a saber
    por qué ni cómo nunca
    ni si era de verdad
    lo que dijiste que era
    ni quién fuiste
    ni qué fui para ti
    ni cómo hubiera sido
    vivir juntos
    querernos
    esperarnos
    estar.
    
    Ya no soy más que yo
    para siempre y tú
    ya
    no serás para mí
    más que tú. Ya no estás
    en un día futuro
    no sabré dónde vives
    con quién
    ni si te acuerdas.
    No me abrazarás nunca
    como esa noche
    nunca.
    
    No volveré a tocarte.
    
    No te veré morir.
    description: I keep repeating Idea's poem as a mantra.
    source:
      title: Ya no será
      author: Idea Vilariño
      type: poem
tags: [Vegetarian, Nuit-Blanche, Alcohol, IG-story, Red-anklet, Pole-dancing]
notes: |
  I talk about signs of Mania. I embrace the decision of becoming vegetarian.
  "I don't want to go home - at home is where I think and feel"
  I binge drunk. I wanted to puke and feel bad. I felt I deserved to be punished.
  Unflinched by the crack pipe smoker next to me at Lionel-Groulx.
  I see Clara's story from Nuit Blanche where she shot the screen with a Spanish phrase.
  The next day I think seeing the red anklet in her story. I deleted IG again.
---

# Sunday, March 2nd, 2025

> Te amaré en este futuro y el próximo.

---

I am still not quite there, but I will arrive soon.

I was out last night. I went out with Majo and Zahra­—is that her name?—for
_Nuit blanche_.

I am almost as drunk as I expected I would be.

Last night. Yesterday. I do not remember the first half of the day.

Does it matter?

Majo kept mentioning several times throughout the week Aliza's suggestion of
meeting this Saturday. I would have forgotten all about it had she not brought
it up.

I have not filled out my small passport journal. I am not sure that I will be
able to recall whatever I have done this week. It is all just half-remembered
memories.

_nadie va a pensar en ti mejor que yo_ is playing on my television in front of
me. I looked at the almost empty tall glass on my right. I get distracted by the
song's lyrics.

Thursday I went to bed really late. I sent Louis some plots for the latest model
I replicated that he needed for his grant. He replied Friday early morning
saying we could talk about it whenever I woke up. We ended up chatting in the
early afternoon. I did not go to the Neuro all week. I have a faint memory of
going to the Glenn's, but it feels misleading.

One of the days I am sure I did not go to the Neuro, I went groceries shopping
and got everything I needed to fully embrace my decision of being vegetarian. A
subsequent trip to _la fruiterie_ confirmed the gesture by buying the missing
ingredients to start cooking the meals ChatGPT helped me plan for the week.

Yesterday I took the metro and got off at _Place d'armes_. It was going to be
the special evening close to spring where the metro does not close and there are
a bunch of events all throughout the city. I have never really participated in
it. I remember years ago, watching a story of Kate going out during it with her
Mexican friend. Majo invited me—or maybe it was me who proposed it?—to do
something for it. For a reason I have forgotten, I got there earlier. I wandered
around and browsed the bookshops. I found two books of poetry that tempted me
deeply to buy them. Instead, I took pictures of their covers planning to look
for them on the library.

María finally texted me she was on her way. She was ovulating and bloated and in
pain; she had to stop by the pharmacy. Maybe that was the reason. In her text
she acknowledged I mentioned not having the energy to make a decision, but
perhaps I could look at the program and find something that caught my interest.
I switched off the screen of my phone and put it away in my pocket instead.

We finally met outside the entrance of the book store. We browsed it a bit more,
before wandering around at the different expositions. We ended up not really
watching anything. I did not mind. Nothing really interested me anyway.

She mentioned a friend of her had texted her. She was the Iranian woman I met
the same night of my third date with Clara when I met Lavi. Somewhen at the
Iranian café where we had dinner, she made a reference to it with her out-of-
nowhere question: _oh, you cut your hair_.

We did not meet with Zahra until after the second half of the night. During the
first one we just wandered, exploring and talking about what has happened. I was
supposed to meet Aliza today. She had been insisting subtly to meet. Majo
brought up the suspicion that she might want to break up with me, Platonically.

Later in the night, when we were already at _Palais de Congres_ and had gone to
meet Zahra and her Belgian friend, Aliza texted me asking if we could meet
earlier, sometime around 14h or 15h; she had to be around 17h30 at _Lionel-
Groulx._ I told María I was annoyed by the idea of this demotion. She was the
one who proposed meeting Sunday in the afternoon/evening. So this new plan, must
have come up afterwards, meaning it was a higher priority than me, and causing
this rescheduling less than 24h before. I did not even feel that motivated to
see her. I held off the urge to cancel altogether. I feel I was being as
irrational as the previous Sunday—was it last week? No, it has been more than a
week since the last time I saw Clara.

It gets harder and harder to write. I have to mutter out load the words I write
to confirm they make sense. Is this what I wanted? Is this what I was looking
for when I put on pants and a winter coat and went outside in the cold winter to
buy a second bottle of liquor to lose my mind a little?

I did nothing wrong.

Not today. Today, I might have made a mistake, maybe. But with all of this. I
did what I could. I did the best I could. I have grown. I am not making the same
mistakes. This is different, even if I cannot see it yet. Even if it still feels
so painfully familiar.

But I have not finished with yesterday.

When we met with María's friend and adjunct, they were dancing silently with
headphones over their head. _Silent disco_—or something like that. They
suggested us to join them. Fortunately, we did not. We wandered around and
waited for them. Even when they joined us, we kept wandering aimlessly until we
left towards the Iranian café.

All throughout the journey, I kept being annoyed and irritated by our three
companions. Any time I felt uncomfortable, I would look ahead into the distance
and try to remember Idea's poem that Majo suggested we should memorize as a
joke.

> Ya no será \
> ya no \
> no viviremos juntos \
> no criaré a tu hijo \
> no coseré tu ropa \
> no te tendré de noche \
> no te besaré al irme \
> nunca sabrás quién fui \
> por qué me amaron otros.
>
> No llegaré a saber \
> por qué ni cómo nunca \
> ni si era de verdad \
> lo que dijiste que era \
> ni quién fuiste \
> ni qué fui para ti \
> ni cómo hubiera sido \
> vivir juntos \
> querernos \
> esperarnos \
> estar.
>
> Ya no soy más que yo \
> para siempre y tú \
> ya \
> no serás para mí \
> más que tú. Ya no estás \
> en un día futuro \
> no sabré dónde vives \
> con quién \
> ni si te acuerdas. \
> No me abrazarás nunca \
> como esa noche \
> nunca.
>
> No volveré a tocarte.
>
> No te veré morir.

I ended up doing it; I memorized it.

At the restaurant I sat down to the right of María. The two Iranian women in
front of her, the Belgian friend to their left, in front of me. After they were
suggesting dishes and negotiating in Farsi with the owner and the waiter, Majo
mentioned I was vegetarian. This quirky decision that morphed into whatever it
is now, allowed me to have my own food and not partake in the expensive tryout
of dishes I would probably not have liked due to the overuse of mint.

I had confessed to Majo I did not want to go home. The metro was supposed to be
available all throughout the night.

"_¿Por qué no quieres ir a casa?_"

"Because at home is where I think and feel."

In my current chat with María, I was telling her how I have drunk almost all the
bottle of vodka that I got myself today. She asked me if I was drinking water. I
answered negatively and then shared the insight of how I purposefully avoid it;
I want this to make me puke and suffer just enough that it will make me regret
it. Maybe this is some sort of punishment.

She asked me if I was feeling ill, physically.

`Sofélia > *no por el alcohol, me duele el pecho*` \
`Sofélia > *no es dolor*` \
`Sofélia > *depende si vomito o no, quizá mañana me sienta mal*` \
`Sofélia > *ya pensaba avisar que no estoy bien*`

She asked about telling whom, my lab?

I answered that my lab did not have to know. She then asked what I was going to
tell them, or Louis.

`Sofélia > just that I am not feeling alright. he never pushes; even if he does, he knows i am not well, mentally` \
`Sofélia > *tengo un mes para preparar el seminario*. i am not pressured by time. i can dwell for a bit more` \
`Sofélia > i guess. even my mental breakdowns are planned`

We left the Iranian café maybe a half-an-hour after its closing time. I paid for
my single vegetarian dish—that I ended up liking more than the _aash_ soup, the
only single other vegetarian option they got as appetizer and I managed to try
from Majo's plate. The after-meal tea was a courtesy of the house. We walked
back to the closest entrances to the RESO, and then managed our way back to
_Complex Desjardins_. There, María and I left them to the instructions of the
show of a dancing class show.

I decided to join María until _Lionel-Groulx_, where I could take, by myself in
introspection, the orange line back to my apartment.

I put on my headphones and hid from the outside, hurting, world. I did not
flinch when I sat down by the end of the platform at _Lionel-Groulx_ and the
homeless man sitting to my left on the bench lit off his crack pipe. I remained
still when he stood up to start his round of begging to the people waiting for
the train. I got inside the next wagon and sat down for the rest of the trip.

I walked back here like I always do. Maybe I recited the poem again once or
twice. Maybe I flinched by the low temperatures and my unfit choice of coat. I
just know that I got here, changed my clothes before getting to bed and found a
green circle around Clara's portrait—a green circle that had not appeared since
my re-download of the app days before that I reached out to Paty. I opened the
story, not even worrying about being one of the first people up in the list of
viewers. The story was not newborn. It was a shot of a theatre screen, aged
around 3h, with a phrase in Spanish crossing down between the shadows of two
spectators in front of the picture taker.

I fell asleep. I do not remember when. It does not really matter.

I woke up several times before I really did.

Around noon, maybe, I saw the green halo again. I clicked on it, even hastier
than the eve before; this time, I must have been one of the first viewers since
it was not older than 5 minutes. It was a video of Clara, spinning up top a
pole, showcasing her progress on her 4th class of pole dancing. She was wearing
the same black shorts and dark wine top I have seen somewhere before, but never
in person. She spun around. She extended one of her arms and twisted her legs
linked by her ankles. It was the left that caught my attention. A red small
object was wrapping her ankle. I remembered the anklet I chose and bought for
her in Coyoacán. I gave it to her on the night we slept together, before she
brought up from her tote bag the magnet that holds on my fridge the notes she
wrote about me on two separate occasions. The bracelet had not passed my own
foot. I worried about my sexual dysmorphic characteristics, so when it did not
go through hers, I felt a mixture of relief and disappointment. I suggested
wearing it as a regular bracelet before she put it away somewhere in her stuff.
I remember the fleeting thought subsequent dates later, after glancing at her
wrist and noticing her absence, worrying about the significance it had for her.
And here I was, after hours after noon, way past the 12h mark of hiding from the
world and reality under the covers and comfort of my own bed, noticing the same
colour, the same thickness, wondering if somehow she would have made an effort,
managed to successfully make it work; wearing a piece of our past despite
rejecting our future.

Around 15h or 16h in the afternoon, either I decided to delete Instagram again
or I managed to get off my bed and outside the safety of my apartment. I did
both, but I have forgotten in what order.

First I went to the _dépanneur_ next door. I bought a bag of chips and a can of
Thai tea. I wondered about getting a bottle of wine, but none of them convinced
me. I brought back my shameful loot, before heading further away to the SAQ,
where I bought a bottle of vodka, which is already empty.

The day passed. It is over.

Another week has passed without a response from her, despite, now, me reaching
out confessing, what she probably already knew—and maybe even be the cause she
ran away—that I missed her.

I replied to Kath's almost year old text message. The response went away in
green bubbles, potentially meaning she has further moved away from the phone
number I have saved on mine.

I sent out a text to Hilary, the girl I went out with last week. I shared how I
did not know what had happened during our date, but guessed it was not meant to
be a meaningful connection. I wished her the best as a euphemism that I was
meaning to cut off contact with her forever.

I deleted Instagram after downloading the 45s video of Clara spinning around a
pole. I got a response from Paty. Several messages letting me know she had heard
my audios—or was gonna-and a subsequent audio message furthering her reaching
out. I replied, holding off the urge to beg her not to abandon me, too, not just
yet.

The bottle of vodka is gone. There is yet half of the soy chocolate milk that I
bought halfly as a mixer on my way back from SAQ. I glance at the tall glass
while I hear _All I've ever known_ on the television and mumbling the words I
write down as I feel my eyes watering.

A lot has happened today that nothing would.
