---
date: 2025-03-06
word_count: 968
reading_time: 3.7
epigraph: &ref "Savoir qu'on n'écrit pas pour l'autre, savoir que ces choses que je vais écrire ne me feront jamais aimer de qui j'aime, savoir que l'écriture ne compense rien, ne sublime rien, qu'elle est précisément là où tu n'es pas — c'est le commencement de l'écriture."
references:
  - content: *ref
    title: Fragments d'un discours amoureux.
    author: Roland Barthes
    type: book
city: Montréal
dates:
  - 2025-03-05 (Proposed @Majo to buy her concert to Tamino.)
  - date: .
    context: Saw @Aliza to catch up after my cancellation. Posted a close-friends story. @Gaelle blocked me.
    locations: #TODO: What's the name of the Ramen place???
  - date: 2025-03-12 
    context: Made plans with @Miriam for dessert.
people: [Aliza, "@Majo", "@Cris (Cristina)", Sonny, Gaelle, Antonija, Lavi, Miriam]
tags: [Mania, Testosterone, IG-Story]
notes: |
We foolishly believe Sonny's ticket to Montréal is cheap.
Majo offered to pay 100 USD for her ticket.
Galle no longer was on Tinder and she blocked me on Telegram.
---

# Thursday, March 6th, 2025

> Savoir qu'on n'écrit pas pour l'autre, savoir que ces choses que je vais
> écrire ne me feront jamais aimer de qui j'aime, savoir que l'écriture ne
> compense rien, ne sublime rien, qu'elle est précisément là où tu n'es pas —
> c'est le commencement de l'écriture.

— Fragments d'un discours amoureux. Barthes.

Thirty-five minutes have passed since I posted it. Eight people, close friends,
have seen it—three have reached out. When I first thought about making a
private, intimate group, I considered making Clara the only member. This time I
thought about removing her, very well-aware that part of the fundamental reason
of posting this is for it to reach her eyes only.

How many times will I almost-compulsively check my phone looking for her name?

Forty minutes—still the same eight people.

Last night I went to bed at a reasonable hour, not overly early due to
exhaustion nor so late again to signal a clinical worry, sometime before
midnight. I woke up in the mid of the morning, well after the sun had already
risen. I saw Louis' email warning us he'd be taking a day off due to his now
full flu. All meetings were cancelled. I went back to sleep.

I got up a couple of minutes before noon. I brewed coffee and cooked some eggs.
I snapped a picture to send my mom later. Now that she knows I am vegetarian, I
imagine she will be more worried about me having full meals. I did not send it
today.

Two days ago, after joyfully declaring to my close friends—real ones, not the
artificial private group of Instagram—that I was feeling completely better, I
rescheduled Sunday's Platonic date with Aliza. I saw her a couple of hours to
eat ramen and catch up with the latest details of our lives.

Last night, way before going to bed, I proposed María to buy her ticket to the
concert on April 9th if she agreed to join me.

`Sofélia > ya lo pagué, si quiero ir pero a veces sus canciones me hacen llorar
y si voy sola es muy probable que llore y/o muy probable que no me la pase bn`

I thought privately of reaching out to Clara, weeks from now, asking her about
what would happen regarding the concert. Now that Majo agreed to come, there is
no point for that.

Fifty-two minutes. Cris is the ninth spectator.

This morning, a couple of minutes after I finished my vegetarian breakfast
tacos, I received a call from Sonny. I picked it up, and we chatted a little
bit. She told me to invite her over and pay for her ticket. I told her to search
online for the fares. She shared her screen and I suggested looking for
tomorrow. It would be way too expensive was her first thought and what she
replied. Instead, it was around 1,400, so cheap, I did not mind paying for it.

Seventy-five minutes. Antonija and Lavi made it rise to eleven.

I went to my bed to continue my phone call under the covers. I told Sonny the
details I had not send over about my last dates with Clara. It was really hard
to contain my tears. Fortunately, that was not the case later in the day when I
told them in person to Aliza, while I was the only one with a veggie ramen bowl
in front of her.

I sent an e-mail to Majo about Sonny's surprise and imminent arrival. She was so
excited, she called me. She would be willing to give over some money to bring
her. She had 100 USD she had received as a gift.

When I came back, halfway through these words, I thought back how my travels
through the US are much more affordable. That awoke the feeling of it being too
good to be true. I went online to the Air Canada website. It was not really a
surprise, but I still was overly disappointed when I confirmed my worries that
the one-way tickets from Mexico City to Montréal are now around 2k CAD.

I first shared the news with Majo, then Sonny. I think it is impossible to
really know who, among us three, is the most disappointed.

Somewhen during the day, I redownloaded Tinder and saw how the number of people
who had liked my profile, rather than increased, went down to 29. I opened the
screen of matches and conversations. It was empty.

Days ago, I noticed Gaelle was a regular user of Telegram. She was at the top of
the list of contacts ordered by their last time online. I had a not-really
impulsive idea.

`Sofélia > hey, j'ai vu que t'es plus dans mon Tinder; ça veut dire que t'en as
assez de moi ?`

I muted the conversation and discarded it to the archives.

Eighty-four minutes. No changes.

When I came back, I resuscitated the conversation and noticed two checkmarks
under it. There was something weird. Under the woman's name, it said her last
time online was _long ago_, which contradicted the main reason I sent it.

I asked Majo to block me for 30s in order to test my hypothesis. The scientific
method triumphed again. _Idea, hypothesis, experiment, results, and conclusion._

Earlier, already showered but still not ready to leave, I texted Miriam
apologizing for not reaching out in weeks—or was it even months ago? We
scheduled to see each other next Wednesday. She will come pick me up, and we
will go to a bakery around Mont-Royal. I need to write it down into my
traveller's notebook.

That and the other eventful things I might have missed these past days since I
concluded again that I should make a bigger effort to keep a consistent use of
it.

It's precisely midnight. Ninety minutes. Clara did not appear.
