---
date: 2025-01-16
word_count: 751
reading_time: 2.9
epigraph: Why what's happening?
epigraph_attribution: Clara
city: Montréal
dates:
  - 2025-01-05 (Remember how the last time I masturbated the mattress was soiled.)
  - "2025-01-13 (Lab meeting at #The-Neuro regarding @Louis grant; meeting @Alda at #Thomson-House, then moved to #Brutopia.)"
  - "2025-01-14 (Sick I went to #Biron; Therapy back home with @Fabiola; got bloodwork results.)"
  - "2025-01-24 (Made an appointment with the new Dr at the #Wellness-Hub)"
  - . (Bought crypto then ordered the E2 vial.)
people: [Louis, Alda, Fabiola, Sonny]
events: [HRT-crisis, Therapy, HRT-smuggling]
tags: [Testosterone, Therapy, HRT, Meds]
notes: HRT crisis complicates even further. Alarming hormones levels. Bought crypto then ordered the E2 vial.
---

# Thursday, January 16th, 2025

> Why what's happening ?

— Clara

---

I had no idea and at the same time it was no surprise at all.

The last time I masturbated back in my old bed, the mattress ended up soiled,
like it used to get many years ago. I lost weight without trying. Maybe that is
why people tended to perceive me male, because for the past few weeks I have
been one again.

Monday I went to the office. We had a lab meeting where we talked about Louis
grant. He mentioned how he had picked it up during the winter break and was
really happy about it; hopeful even. Any moment now until the end of the month
he would be receiving a response and reviews. If needed, we would all gather
again and prepare to resubmit to the next opening in the Spring.

We have all been receiving bad news this week.

After the meeting, I met with Alda at Thomson. We might have not lasted a full
minute before we decided to move to another bar where we would be more private.
I told her about my Friday date with Clara, and then I vented about the problem
I might have with the doctors and looking for hormones. I ate a Mexican sandwich
and she herself got a burger. I had only one pint of beer for the whole
afternoon. By the end of it, I had almost no voice left.

The next morning I woke up incapable of speak at all. I went like that to the
laboratory where they drew my blood. There was no issue. The phlebotomist was a
kind lady who had patience with my French. She told me the results would be
ready by the end of the afternoon.

I came home and drank one or two mugs of hot tea trying to calm my throat by the
second half of the morning when I would have my session with Fabiola. I asked
Sonny if she believed Fabiola would be willing to have my session with me
writing on the Zoom's chat.

At 11h when I logged into the call, I had a bit of voice enough to explain the
situation to her. She asked me what I wanted to do and offered me to reschedule.
Without saying, I really needed that day's session, I declined her offer.

On the very last minutes, moments before my voice finally failed exhausted, she
asked me how was everything making me feel. I shrugged and smiled. Slowly, my
smile started fading and I started crying. Quiet whimpers turned into full sobs.
I covered my face as if I had not just showed her a bit of my worst inner
worries.

I don't remember if it was that night or the one before. My mom replied to my
texts saying Lupita, Hector's wife, my childhood physician, had told her they
did not know anyone who performed _that kind of surgery_. I started feeling
frustrated and impotent. I remembered how the Urologist I had consulted years
ago in Mexico City, as he was explaining to me the procedure, mentioned it was
so simple that any general surgeon would perform it for a lower price than a
urologist.

I was able to make an account with Biron. I lied about my sex at birth. My
results were indeed ready before the evening. I logged in and checked the mostly
green-coloured data numbers. The ones that interested me the most were at the
bottom. One, green, a bit higher than expected, and the other one, orange, much
worse than I could imagine.

My body is and feels male.

It has been like these for the past few weeks. I was not aware of it—or not
consciously. Now there is nothing I can do about it.

The transpatientsunion account posted later in the week about how the wait times
at Hygea are even longer than Perera's leave of absence. I called at the
Wellness Hub, and they gave me an appointment—after putting me on hold for 2-3
minutes—for next Friday. I bought crypto and placed the order for the vial of
estrogen. Tomorrow or maybe the day after I will call to refill my last
prescription for hormones in the near future.

Even if Dr Perera cautiously extended my prescription before the holidays, even
if the new faceless and probably transphobic MD accepts to give me a bridging
prescription, I think I will start injecting myself with the estrogen.

If I do receive it, of course.
