---
date: 2025-01-17
word_count: 772
reading_time: 3.0
epigraph: hey cee, what would you prefer to do?
epigraph_attribution: Sofía
city: Montréal
dates:
  - 2025-01-10 (When talking about the dagger's tattoo on @Clara leg, 'we're watching it right now!' she exclaims.)
  - "2025-01-16 (@Louis proposes scheduling a meeting with @Sylvia and/or @Madeline, our meeting with @Mallar is confirmed; told @Clara about the HRT fiasco.)"
  - . (@Majo is flying back from Costa Rica. @Clara replies and tells me about her moving.)
  - "2025-01-19 (Rescheduled my meeting with @Majo. Will pick up my last HRT prescription at the #Pharmacy)"
people: [Clara, "@Majo", Sonny, Louis, Sylvia, Madeline, Mallar, Houssein]
events: [Dating-Clara, HRT-crisis]
tags: [Princess-Mononoke, HRT, Depression, Testosterone, Dysphoria]
references:
  - description: "Clara's tattoo on her leg"
    mode: visual
    source:
      title: Princess Mononoke
      type: film
      # TODO: Confirm director's name
      author: Miyasaki
notes: Propose Clara to meet.
---

# Friday, January 17th, 2025

> hey cee, what would you prefer to do?

— Sofía

---

I was, and continue to be, exhausted.

I stayed in bed for all morning. I do not remember if I put an alarm at all. I
fell back in that dangerous habit of starting my weekend after my meeting with
Louis.

Yesterday it was different. I finished the CFA for the cognitive domains and
even made some tables with unexpected and interesting results. Louis thought we
should schedule a meeting with Sylvia or Madeline next week. Depending on their
thoughts we would decide how to move forward. Once that is done, I will be ready
to start scheduling my Thesis Seminar.

I woke up this morning with close to a dozen emails in my McGill's inbox. Some
of them were Louis'. He sent me some information about his search for the HC
labels by Jenn's team. Another one was a thread confirming a meeting next week
with Mallar to talk about my results. Last night, Majo told me Mallar had
postponed the second candidacy of Houssein, since he had a family emergency.

Majo must be on the air right now. She told me she would be arriving at midnight
in Montréal. It is weird how much I have missed her texts this afternoon. I
might reach out to her a couple of minutes after midnight asking her about her
experience with immigration.

We were supposed to go out tomorrow. I was going to buy her a coffee after the
success of her insistent advice of me using perfume. She asked me to postpone it
to Sunday. Oscar, her Colombian friend is in Montréal for the weekend, and she
wanted to see him before his departure on Sunday.

Yesterday I superficially summarized my situation related to the hormones to
Clara. She had seen the message by the time I had woken up, but decided not to
reply to it. I was midway through my cup of coffee when I decided to text her
again bringing up the idea of seeing each other again. I asked her which would
prefer between my original idea of going somewhere nice as a late birthday
dinner or staying casual and watching either Before Sunrise or Princess
Mononoke.

_You haven't seen it?_, she asked last week after she undressed, and I saw the
tattoo of the dagger in her thigh. _We are watching it right now!_

"no se me han quitado las ganas ahogadas de llorar desde el fin de semana," I
wrote in Sonny's Whatsapp conversation.

Earlier today I was worrying of a rejection test. Maybe her lack of response was
a hesitance born from our night together. Perhaps she just wanted to have sex
with me and have completed her objective, or the sex was so disappointed it had
been enough to put her off the idea of continuing seeing me.

Clara's time to answer is not anything new. That is not it. I feel insecure. I
keep looking at myself in the full-body mirror I finally got after living here
without one for more than a year. I search for more hints of maleness. Signs of
the dreaded chemicals my body stubbornly still produces and poisons my mind
with. I told Majo about the last time my Testosterone levels were this high—how
even if I look at the pictures of that year, it is impossible to pinpoint which
ones are from the period of time when my body was again male.

A couple of hours ago Clara replied saying she was sorry it was happening and
asking if there was a fair chance it would not need to occur. The second text
was not a response to my two-choice question. She said the idea sounded nice,
but warned me she is busy and feeling out of place. She is moving in two weeks—I
suppose by the end of January—and showing her room this weekend. She asked me
when was I thinking for my idea.

My white coffee travel cup I brought from Mexico when I started my PhD broke
this week. Trying to handle it together with the electric kettle I dropped it
and broke the little piece of the lid cover. I don't feel comfortable anymore
putting it in the backpack since now it can spill. I bought another one from
Amazon this afternoon. It is red and larger, it is supposed to arrive some time
tomorrow. I do not think I'll have any reason to get out of the house, so I will
be here to receive it.

I will call the pharmacy to pick my last prescription of hormones Sunday before
seeing María.
