---
date: 2025-02-08
word_count: 836
reading_time: 3.2
epigraph: If this were the way things end; if that ends up being our last goodbye... I think I am OK with that.
epigraph_attribution: Sofía
city: Montréal
dates:
  - "~"
  - date: 2025-01-25
    context: Eating dumplings with friends, then improptu date with @Clara.
    #TODO: Look into José's last name to avoid confusion with my dad.'
    people: [Alda, Renzo, "@José (José-Luis)"]
    locations: [Cinéma du Parc, Lola Rosa, Station Rosemont, Station Beaubien]
  - "2025-01-31 (Go to #The-Douglas to give a talk to @Aliza's lab; then dinner with @Majo.)" #TODO: Where???
  - 2025-02-04 (I text @Clara 'do i get to see you this week?' She hasn't replied.)
people: [Aliza, "@Majo", Clara]
tags: [Date]
events: [Dating-Clara]
notes: |
  I deleted IG. Clara reaches out sending me her phone number.
  First appearance of Sofibug. Date of January (best?).
  Ticket hidden in table's drawer. Fleeting kiss.
---

# Saturday, February 8th, 2025

> If this were the way things end; if that ends up being our last goodbye... I
> think I am OK with that.

— Sofía

---

Two weeks ago, to the day, it had been an even longer wait. I, like yesterday,
was starting to resent the silence; a familiar melancholy was taking over my
mornings. My plans were with Alda and Renzo. I considered cancelling and staying
in bed. Alda convinced me otherwise. I am glad I listened. We ate dumplings and
chatted about life. It was not just the two of us. Renzo's Pakistani friend was
sitting in front of me. Jose Luis was next to her, to my right. I do not think
he had arrived yet when I saw Clara's name on the screen of my phone.

`Clarizard > Hi Sofibug.`

The night before I had debated reaching out again and telling her I would be
deleting Instagram. I worried she had ignored my phone number when I gave it to
her weeks ago; that by breaching our usual way of communication, I would be
cutting myself off her life.

Like several times before, she apologized by not reaching back. Instead, with
this message she shared with me her Canadian phone number together with her
plans of watching Nosferatu in the afternoon—the latter in the form of an
invitation.

We watched the movie together. I swallowed down my urge to reach into her seat
and grab her hand. She was avoiding going back home. I invited her to grab
dinner together. We ended up sitting down at the window table of Lola Rosa by
Place des arts. We had appetizers each and a pitcher of sangría together. We
stayed there until after they closed the place.

I told her about the restaurant's tradition of writing cute notes in the
receipts and leaving them in the wooden table's drawers. We browsed several of
them amazed by their age and content. With a barely hidden playful smile on her
face, she turned her own and grabbed a pen I have forgotten where it came from.
She started paraphrasing, in English, my question about the couscous. Down,
transitioning from my words in our language to her thoughts in hers, she wrote
something I could not quite see.

"There," she said hiding the receipt in the drawer, where it will be found by a
couple of curious strangers who will read from it what I could not. The
mischievous smile remained. I wanted to reach over and kiss it.

We walked together to the closest metro station and took the next train on the
same direction. During our evening she had teased me for drinking slower than
her. I made the observation of how despite being bigger than her, the sangria
was much more effective on my body. The trip home was short, but we still
grabbed seats. I placed my right hand on her thigh, crossed my left arm to grab
hers, and lied down my head between her chest and shoulder. She reciprocated
with a fleeting gesture of placing her head above mine. I closed my eyes for a
couple of stations. When I opened them again, I looked at the screen up top the
train signaling the arrival to _Station Rosemont_.

"There is one station left," I thought to myself out loud. Without taking my
face off her body, I looked up to see her face, my gaze slipping through my
curled bangs.

"You are so cute," she shared her inner thoughts in a murmur.

I asked her to repeat herself as if I had missed it with the selfish intention
of hearing her words again.

"No, nothing. What were you saying?"

With her station coming up next, I finally pulled away and reclined myself on my
own arm, mere inches away from her face. I asked her to text me when she got
home. The train stopped, and the doors were about to open.

"Yes, you too, please." She bridged the short distance between us and kissed me,
fast and intentional, a fleeting gesture of affection and intimacy. She left,
and the doors closed behind her.

We texted for a bit that night before we each went to sleep. Her last text was
thanking me for joining her last minute. I saw it. Intentionally I did not
reply.

A full week passed. I submitted an abstract for AAIC and visited Aliza's lab
where I gave a talk on mediation models. After having dinner with Majo, I sent a
text to Clara apologizing for not contacting her on Friday and hoped she had an
easy moving. I have no way of knowing how far back she saw it before replying No
problem by the end of the weekend. The next exchange happened two days after.
She asked me if I was more relaxed this following week. I asked her about hers
and finished with an overthought do I get to see you this week?

It is Saturday, 5 minutes shy of 21h. There is still no response.
