---
date: 2025-01-19
word_count: 755
reading_time: 2.9
epigraph: &ref The snow was falling faintly through the universe and faintly falling on all
the living and the dead.
city: Montréal
dates:
  # - 2024-12-?? (Inside metro station the guard tells me I cannot take pictures.)
  - "2025-01-10 (I waited for Majo at the same spota I waited for @Clara at #Station-Jarry)"
  # TODO: Confirm that in my methods, when parsing words, to remove punctuation, including 's.
  - ". (Picked up the last HRT prescription before #Oui-mais-no; The Room Next Door at #Cinéma-du-Parc with @Majo.)"
people: ["@Majo"]
events: [HRT-crisis]
tags: [Post-midnight-stories, IG-stories]
poems:
  - title: Luces en los rieles
    content: |
      En el murmullo de venas eléctricas,
      el movimiento nos desdibuja.
      Nombres se desvanecen,
      anhelos dispersos como luces en los rieles.
      Aquí, entre reflejos y sombras,
      nos cruzamos sin mirarnos, sin saber siquiera
      si seguimos siendo nosotras.
references:
  - content: *ref
    source:
      title: The Room Next Door
      author: Almodóvar
      type: film
notes: Tell Majo how I am scared by the idea that my future with Clara has an expiration date.
---

# Sunday, January 19th, 2025

> The snow was falling faintly through the universe and faintly falling on all
> the living and the dead.

-The Room Next Door (2024).

---

I first thought about writing today were my only plans of the whole week, but
that is not entirely true. Earlier this week, I met with Alda and had early
dinner and a pint.

I grabbed my phone like every other morning looking at the new notifications. I
had posted another post-midnight story before falling asleep. It was one of the
two shots I took at the metro station in Mexico City before being approached by
the security guard to inform me I needed a permit from the city to take pictures
of the metro. This was the failed shot. Unplanned and hurried, with a trembling
hand. Blurred and unfocused.

> _En el murmullo de venas eléctricas,_ \
> _el movimiento nos desdibuja._ \
> _Nombres se desvanecen,_ \
> _anhelos dispersos como luces en los rieles._ \
> _Aquí, entre reflejos y sombras,_ \
> _nos cruzamos sin mirarnos, sin saber siquiera_ \
> _si seguimos siendo nosotras._

I texted with Majo early in the morning before getting out of bed. Our original
plan was to meet at Jarry station at noon. She confessed she had not showered
already and proposed instead to meet an hour later.

I remained in bed making use of the fact that her way to me was much longer than
mine. I showered and got ready with plenty of time to spare despite getting out
of bed at 11h. My room feels emptier and spacier just by having cleaned my
closet and the addition of this new full body mirror.

I waited for Majo at the same spot I've waited twice for Clara. She made no
mention of noticing it was the second time I've put on perfume. I had completely
forgotten it until Majo mentioned going first to the pharmacy before stopping at
the café. It was uneventful. I asked for my meds and paid for them. 30 more
days.

We sat down downstairs at _Ouis mais non_. We talked about the elephant Sonny
and I bought for Majo. I told her about my weekend with Clara. We chatted about
her friendship with Aliza.

We took the 55 bus towards Le Plateau and got off at Prince Arthur. The plan was
to go see the newest movie of Pedro Almodóvar. She brought it up as of sharing a
thought out loud. I mentioned I had just seen it at the time sheet of _Cinéma du
Parc_, and offered her to go together. My plans with Majo tend to be like those
with Alda, spontaneously born like a sudden rain in summer.

We got to _La Cité_ with an hour to spare. We looked for places to eat and
settled on the noodle place in front of the theater. She got sour chicken; I got
fried rice.

The movie was nothing special. As we were walking to the metro, we both
mentioned how it might have been that some of the emotion was lost in language.
Online I read this might be Pedro's first English movie.

When the movie first ended, and we were sitting still in the darkness as the
credits rolled, we thought about other films of his that we have enjoyed. She
mentioned _Volver_ and _La piel que habito_. I brought up _Todo sobre mi madre_
and _Malas educaciones_. I think it was her who mentioned doing a marathon of
his movies. Before the movie started, it was also her who mentioned once going
to the movies by inviting Clara. At that moment I confessed how, despite me
really liking the idea of bringing her, could not imagine Clara doing the same
for me with her friends. Her world seems far away and restricted to me.

I had been waiting all weekend for a response of hers. When I started to write I
was just thinking I would not mind if I did not hear from her before Tuesday; I
would bring up her name and the night we spent together in my session with
Fabiola. Another confession to Majo was how the idea that our future together
has an expiration date scares me.

This time I saw her name in a notification in my computer. In her first text she
asked me about the reason why I am changing Drs; in her second she apologized in
case she were being intrusive.

_You could never be intrusive_, I wanted to tell her. _Since the night we met I
wanted to tell you all of my secrets_.
