---
date: 2025-03-04
word_count: 1504
reading_time: 5.8
epigraph: &poem |
  No me abrazarás nunca
  como esa noche
  nunca
city: Montréal
people:
  - "@Majo"
  - Aliza
  - Fabiola
  - Daniel (Daniel Andrews)
  - Louis
  - Vlad
  - Katherine
  - Gaelle
dates:
  - 2025-03-02 (@Aliza took my cancellation gracefully. @Majo suggested coming over that midnight worried about my state.)
  - date: 2025-03-03
    locations: [The Neuro, Eaton Plaza]
    people: [Louis, Vlad]
  - date: .
    people: [Fabiola, Majo, Daniel]
    locations: Thomson House
references:
  - content: *poem
    source:
      title: Ya no será
      author: Idea Vilariño
      type: poem
tags: [Therapy]
---

# Tuesday, March 4th, 2025

> No me abrazarás nunca \
> como esa noche \
> nunca

— Idea Vilariño

This morning it was not because of the alcohol, but like yesterday, I woke up
early again. Unlike this previous one, there was no urgent e-mail that dragged
me out of bed. I remained under the covers, resistant to start the new day,
turning and pretending I could fool myself back to sleep. I might have texted
Majo or replied to Sonny's text. As I told Fabiola later in the morning, these
past few days seem foggy and distant.

Yesterday I woke up much less hungover than I deserved. I saw in my phone an
e-mail addressed only for me. Louis was asking me to check out a specific
section of his grant. He gently suggested urgency with the sentence where he let
me know he had to submit it that day. I went to my desktop and quickly reviewed
the document. There was not much to add, yet less than a handful perfect
opportunities to further precise or correct small errors that would make me seem
useful. I sent it back quickly with an accompanying offer in the e-mail to
quickly chat about it after I took a shower. Louis accepted gracefully letting
me know he would be on Teams for the rest of the morning.

After the quick meeting on which we talked about it—including him explicitly
bringing up his reference to me by name and addressing me as a Postdoc fellow—,
since I was already showered and semi-functional, I decided to grab my backpack
and head out to the Neuro.

Several times throughout the first half of the day, as I heard the latest songs
I added to my Apple Music playlist, I had to hold off the urge to cry trying to
hide my inner turmoil from Vlad who was sitting behind me.

I came back home at a regular hour. Rather than walking to Sherbrooke, I headed
down to McGill station trying to explore this part of the RESO. I got until
Eaton, before I gave up and just rode the green line-up to Berri, where I
transferred to my usual way home. For some reason I have the memory of walking
back home at night, but it contradicts what I think happened.

I got home and heated the rest of my chickpeas and lentils curry. I rinsed the
cup of chickpeas I had left soaking the night before. They were supposed to cook
for 90 minutes. I planned to use them today for the third and last recipe
suggested by ChatGPT. I might do it tonight, if I do not end up eating something
with Majo later.

It was around 19h when I felt sick of life and decided to give up and go to bed
early. I was not allowed to sleep since there was around 20 minutes before the
cooking deadline. Still, I took of my Quetiapine pill. I do not feel any more
its effect, or at least not as strongly. I remember, on the other hand, the hard
nights I would have with Lurasidone.

I have forgotten the time I finally fell asleep. I managed to put away, and even
let cool off a little, the now not-dry legumes. I was tempted to write in the
journal, but decided against it. My day seemed uneventful and I lacked
motivation. I did not care about writing, much less describe how I was feeling.

I might be making it up, but I have this vague memory of opening over and over
the messages app in my phone. I deleted my reaching out to Katherine. It took me
more than 6 months—I think her vulnerable text was back from July—to get back to
her. When I did write back, my message was green rather than blue. Maybe it is
the sign of a modern _return to sender_.

The temptation to reach back to Gaelle was there, present but faint. The last
message was hers, a small concession, _j'aurais aimé tellement ça_. It was my
unwritten turn to acknowledge our mutual—yet probable exaggerated—desire. Except
it was not there anymore. I did not want her. I do not care about ever seeing
her body in person. I feel no conflict about never disclosing to her the
unexpected parts I did not show in my pictures.

The comparison feels even stupid to bring up, but I cannot help to think back
about how those two unreplied messages date back to the same day.

This morning, in my therapy session, I talked back about what has happened. All
the events I am sure happened, but cannot recall. This session, more than ever,
I was justified in answering truthfully to her opening _¿Cómo estás?_

A week ago she brought up the idea that, maybe, more than a start of a
depression, this was just a regular case of feeling sad. Majo agreed with the
sentiment. At least up, until this weekend, after which she was the one who
brought up me going somewhere clinical, albeit unsure still if towards the manic
or depressive route.

Aliza gracefully took my cancellation. Later that Sunday, I shared with her a
follow-up apology and an acknowledgement that it would have been impossible for
me to go outside. She replied yesterday morning, accepting my apology and ending
the message with a paradoxical good-morning. I saw the message but left it
unacknowledged.

Majo, later at night, brought up, almost insistently, the idea of coming up to
my house around midnight. Perhaps she was aware I did not want to be alone.
Maybe, instead, she deemed it dangerous. She let the idea go when she realized
she had no keys to my place. I would have let her in, wouldn't I?

Did she worry I would pass out?

Did I?

This morning—I remember now—I asked her if she would go to the Glen. I confessed
not wanting to be alone, subtly letting her know I wanted to be invited to come
with her. I missed the detail she had already told me before about how today she
was supposed to go to the Neuro. I ignore why I did not want to go to my own
office. Wouldn't I also be not alone there?

She suggested going to the hospital anyway and working at their library.

`Sofélia > no tiene caso que vaya tan lejos si no vas a estar`

The available half-an-hour before therapy I often do not have come useful this
morning. I cooked some eggs with vegetables like—was it yesterday or the
weekend? I brewed some coffee and sat down on my couch, getting ready to
therapy, trying to put order to whatever has happened inside my head.

This session was frustrating. Fabiola asked me what ways have I found useful to
manage my anger. Resigned, I let her know how I have tried many things, but
nothing has worked. I brought up the time, almost 10 years ago, when Zayra
confronted me about it in class. My throat betrayed me when I confessed I feel
anger as drowning. She asked me what do I do when I get angry. Then, just like
now, I did not have an answer to give her, Fabiola, or myself.

I have done sports. Without realizing, I had a childhood full of them; summers
of swimming lessons; multiple years of Tae-Kwon-do, exams and tournaments;
basketball and soccer matches—albeit all of them unwinned. I have my recent
attempts at jogging at Mt-Royal, my long, bordering on compulsive, walks through
the city, and the mornings at the pool or the spinning bicycle at the gymnasium
of the building in _des Pins_.

She suggested tennis, baseball; darts; dancing, singing. I ignored the ideas,
looking elsewhere and feeling how I was shutting down. She noticed and brought
it up. Perhaps she was pushing, she conceded. I was already gone.

She confessed, too, how she felt conflicted about ending the session like that.
I made no reassuring comment, aware of our own roles in the session. We said
goodbye and I disconnected.

I took a shower. I felt the anger in my voice as I spoke to myself, maybe even
berating me. I got ready for the day, grabbed my stuff and headed out the
apartment.

I had a Teams message from Daniel. I saw the notification somewhen during the
exchange with Fabiola. I discarded it, thinking I would reply later. When I came
out of the shower, I saw his follow-up in my e-mail. I let him know I read his
questions and would answer later in the day. I thought I could come up here to
the library and take my time to find out the information he was needing. In the
end, after picking up the third reserved book put away for me, coming to a spot
in one of the upper floors and settling in, that was exactly what I did.

Any moment now, I will put everything away and go to Thomson House to sit down,
read, and wait for Majo.
