---
date: 2025-01-12
word_count: 751
reading_time: 2.9
epigraph: |
  well fuck

  it gets even worse
epigraph_attribution: Sofía
city: [Montréal, Tijuana]
# TODO: Find the name of this plaza in Tijuana by the border.
# locations:
# - Tijuana: "Plaza"
people:
  - "@Majo"
  - "@Dr-Perera"
  - Miguel (Miguel Ángel Fernández)
  - "@Mom (Laura)"
  - "@Les (Melissa Fernández)"
dates:
  - date: ???
    context: "Waiting for @Les with my @Mom, I walked through a small plaza testing my half-30mm."
    location: Plaza
  - date: .
    context: Research about DIY HRT. Attempt to fix Olympus camera.
events: [HRT-crisis, HRT-smuggling]
tags: [Film-camera, HRT, Meds]
notes: HRT crisis complicates. Research about buying DIY HRT.
---

# Sunday, January 12th, 2025

> well fuck
>
> it gets even worse

— Sofía

---

I ate the last slice of margheritta pizza with two servings of undercooked
pasta. I refilled the half-drunk glass of red wine to sit down and write.

It was an exhausting weekend in several ways.

I woke up relatively early from the sunlight coming through the opened drapes. I
grabbed the alarm clock and turned it off 25 minutes before it was supposed to
start. My first project of the day was to try to open up the malfunctioning
Olympus pen that Miguel bought for me. The winding mechanism stopped working
correctly the first couple of days after I put in the first roll of Kodak Gold 200.
I remember trying it out in the small plaza when my mom asked me to buy her
some nachos while we were both waiting for Les to have her psychiatrist
appointment. I got stuck when I couldn't open up the lens. It turns out I do
need a lens wrench. It should be arriving tomorrow. For now, all the pieces are
organizedly scattered on my desktop, waiting.

The second chore was to do laundry. I washed the sheets—both the ones I took off
a month ago the weekend before my departure when Clara was supposed to come
visit, and the other set on which we both slept this weekend after I came back.
I washed also the full laundry basket that got filled with the clothes I could
not wash in Tijuana since the washer, like my camera, stopped working.

A recurring theme in my recent therapy sessions is the anxiety of not being able
to access my HRT. The plan ahead was fairly straightforward; Dr Perera would
give me a year-long prescription to bridge the period before my referral to
endocrinology. Today I saw a story from transpatients on Instagram. The first
one I saw was a response stating that the only physician offering trans care was
going to be absent soon. I did not realize that it was a response to their
1-day-old post talking about Dr Perera's maternity leave.

"As of late Dec 2024, Dr. Perera is on leave until Jan 2026. Dr Perera is the
only doctor at the McGill Student Wellness Hub providing hormone replacement
therapy and surgery recommendation letters to patients. The TPU is very
disappointed that while Dr. Perera is on leave, there will be no doctors at the
Hub supervising HRT, and that instead her patients will be referred to the Hygea
endocrinology clinic. The Hub has dozens of doctors, yet none of them are
willing to provide HRT. In Quebec, any general practitioner can supervise HRT."

There was a comment under the post, from one of the patients affected by this.
They mentioned that when they called the Hygea clinic to make an appointment,
they were informed that because of the long wait list, the closest available day
was in November. I won't be a student by then anymore.

This weekend I started researching about monotherapy with injectable oestrogen.
A single vial that can last around a year cost between 65 and 85 USD. There is a
store that ships from the US. A vial of estrogen cypionate, including the
shipping to Canada would cost me 115 USD. There is a small risk of it being
intercepted and held at customs. I thought about ordering several vials to my
father's PO box. I could pay a week-long round trip to pick it up. Maybe pay for
Miguel's or Sonny's visit if they bring them to me. I thought about my mom, but
I don't think she would be able to get here without speaking English nor French,
not again.

Moments ago, while I was venting to Majo, I shared with her how if my first try
of getting the vial delivered to Canada fails, I'll order 2 or 3 to San Diego.
I'll travel in March to pick them up, and hopefully, if the Vienna conference is
confirmed, I might be able to get to pay for my flight from San Diego to Europe
one or two weeks before April. I have around 5 pills of spiro left, before I
refill my last 30-day prescription. I'll have spiro until mid-February, and a
couple more days of estradiol pills. I remembered the unused contraceptive
injection I have in my stash. It won't expire until April, so that gives me
another week. The longest I would have to go without hormones would be one month
if everything goes badly.
