---
date: 2025-03-09
word_count: 811
reading_time: 3.1
epigraph: |
  creo que no es sorpresa
  es como wtf
  pensé que era más ajustada a la realidad [...]
  pero regresó y me da vibes that she's definitely not okay [...]
  this could get toxic
  espero que me esté equivocando
epigraph_attribution: María José
city: Montréal
locations: [Boulangerie Jarry, BAnQ, The Neuro, Metro]
people: "@Majo"
notes: |
  I picked up the Despentes book that Clara will see at the café in a couple of weeks.
  I fell on the ice coming out of the office.
---

# Sunday, March 9th, 2025

> creo que no es sorpresa \
> es como wtf \
> pensé que era más ajustada a la realidad [...] \
> pero regresó y me da vibes that she's definitely not okay [...] \
> this could get toxic \
> espero que me esté equivocando

— Majo

---

This morning time changed. We lost an hour. I got up later without having slept
any more.

Like weeks ago, I grabbed my phone looking for a specific notification. Instead,
I texted with Majo. I told her how I had not gotten up. I shared I have not
washed my sheets, and they are starting to smell.

I did get up eventually. I showered and got ready. The deadline to return the
Barthes book was today. It was impossible to delay the return, thus I spent most
of the afternoon yesterday finishing it.

By the time I was ready to leave the house, it was already past noon despite me
running on an hour behind since my mark of reference were the unchanged alarm
clock in my room and microwave clock in my kitchen. Brewing coffee was no longer
an option. I did take the long way and made a stop at the bakery.

The first stop was the library at Berri. I could have returned the book at those
machines without having to enter the library. There were four more days
available to postpone picking up the other Despentes book they have reserved for
me. My plan was to take the metro back to Sherbrooke and wait for the 144 bus.
The wait for the bus could be anything between a couple of minutes to half-an-
hour. I went inside and looked for the same code I have looked for a handful of
times this past month.

When I got back to the metro, I mistakenly took the same way I had come from. I
did not realize the error of my way until the robotic voice warned us about a
slowing before getting to the next station. Since I had positioned myself close
to the door, I could easily get off at _Champ de Mars_ to return to the right
way. The opposite train arrived as I was halfway through my way on the opposite
platform.

The wait for the bus at Sherbrooke was only 15 minutes. I managed to read the
first chapter inside the metro station as the countdown on the screen above went
closer and closer to zero. I stepped outside and continued reading for the last
3 minutes of wait. The man who had left before me to wait at bus stop looked at
me, then at the book in my hands, and smiled. He started talking, but the music
of my earphones made it impossible for me to understand. I took the right bud
and moved my head suggesting him to start over. He spoke too quickly and too
_Québécois_ for me to be sure what he said. It was a comment about how it had
been long since he had seen it. I was amazed that a middle-aged man had made a
comment about the queer feminist manifesto in my hands, until I caught up with
the possibility he was just talking about the referenced King Kong.

I arrived to the Neuro and walked into my office. By plugging in my work
computer I finished with the second of the three goals for my second half of the
weekend. I left my stuff and decided to use the two elevators to get to the
cafeteria. The way there was calm and solitary. The door of the cafeteria was
closed, making easy to see the opening hours and realizing that I had been an
hour too late.

Defeated, I took the first elevator back and entered the room across the hall,
with the vending machines. I was outraged by the fact that a Starbucks coffee
beverage was 6 CAD. My last hope was the vending machine in front of the second
elevator. It took me around 10 minutes figuring out how to use the app and
putting funds into it to buy a 2.5 CAD mediocre latte.

I worked until the sun set and there was no more use of the daylight savings
time.

I left through the stadium. There was still a lot of ice on the park area
outside the gymnasium. I slipped on the last stretch, scratching my knee and
bending my right leg. The pain is gone by now.

I stopped at metro to buy some groceries. Although I had only planned to buy a
salad and hummus, I ended up spending around 50 CAD on a bunch of other stuff
including plant-based deli meat and sausages.

After getting home, I prepared a cup of rice and heated the last of the bean
dish I had made earlier this week.

While I definitely should, I am unsure of going to the lab tomorrow.
