---
date: 2025-02-23
word_count: 2500
reading_time: 9.6
epigraph: |
  no escribí en mi diario nada de lo que pasó después de san valentín.

  siento como si fuera a olvidarlo—los detalles; no sé si pensar eso hace que me den más o se me quiten las ganas de escribirlo.
epigraph_attribution: Sofía
city: Montréal
dates:
  # TODO: Check for exact dates
  # - date: ???
  #   context: "Think back of my first date at #Darling and my first (implied) rejection."
  #   people: Minas
  # - date: ???
  #   context: "@Clara waited for me at the exact spot where I waited for @Alexia"
  #   locations: Station Mont-Royal
  - date: 2025-02-14
    context: None of the women who @Lavi liked on Hinge matched me.
  - date: 2025-02-17
    context: The anti-date with @Clara
    people: [Louis, Sonny, Majo]
    # TODO: Find the name of the ramen place
    # locations: [Station Mont-Royal, Ramen, Station Laurier, Station Rosemont]
  - date: 2025-02-18
    context: "@Fabiola suggests me to date other people."
  - date: 2025-02-19
    context: "Dinner for @Majo's birthday."
    people: [Majo, Lavi, Jana]
  - date: 2025-02-20
    context: "Dinner with @Alda at #Lola-Rosa. I steal @Clara's receipt-note."
  - date: 2025-02-21
    context: "Night at #Unity."
    locations: Alda's
    people: [Alda, Majo, Seline, Shub, Lavi]
  - date: "."
    context: "Full week of silence since the Anti-date. Sitting at #Café-Pikolo before date with @Hilary at #Darling."
    people: Myriam
people:
  [
    "@Majo",
    Sonny,
    Louis,
    Alexia,
    Clara,
    Lavi,
    "@Shub",
    Seline,
    Alda,
    Hilary,
    Myriam,
    Fabiola,
  ]
events: [Fading-Clara, Stormy-Valentine]
tags: [Storm, Raki, Date, Therapy]
notes: |
  Narration of what happened on the Anti-date.
  The continuous unfortunate events and decisions that let to the catastrophic meeting.
  Sleep-deprivation, anxiety-induced and self-sabotaging binge-drinking.
  Mention of Unity night and the breaking-point of the Lavi-Majo friendship.
  Start of conversation with Myriam with whom nothing ever happens.
---

# Sunday, February 23rd, 2025

> no escribí en mi diario nada de lo que pasó después de san valentín.
>
> siento como si fuera a olvidarlo—los detalles; no sé si pensar eso hace que me
> den más o se me quiten las ganas de escribirlo.

— Sofía

---

It's been, to this day, a full week of silence.

No words. No record. I could leave it as is, pretend there was nothing to end,
no conclusion, and just start anew.

It does not matter how many times I repeat to people—and myself—I am satisfied
with things ending right here, there is a part of me not ready to let go.

Monday afternoon, I was sitting at home at this exact spot on my couch. I must
have gone to the office, but there is half-a-memory of me staying home.

I remember now. I stayed the night at Majo's office. I wrote on here during the
early hours of the morning, a couple before Majo returned and we both went to
have breakfast in the cafeteria of her hospital. I came back home after the
sunrise, took my clothes off, and went to bed with the hopes of catching up on
the sleep I missed.

I slept less than two hours. I could have logged in and be present for the
impromptu meeting Louis called in. I saw the email and consciously decided not
to attend.

I do not remember what happened between that decision and when I impulsively
finished the bottle of _raki_. I had not eaten all day, but was very aware I
would go to dinner in only a couple of hours after. I went to the _dépanneur_
next door to get an instant soup and a can of Thai tea. I finished the soup and
the water-bottle containing the Albanian home-made liquor. I could not finish
the tea.

Before being drunk, I became anxious about Clara recognizing my altered state.
Was this an unconscious way of sabotaging this meeting I had been dreading?

Before my meal, when Clara confirmed the time I had proposed the night before, I
replied instantly asking her to meet at the metro station and walking together
to the restaurant. I left around 40 minutes earlier hoping to get to the station
first and calm down. I was half-way on the already short metro trip when Clara
reached out saying she was already there and would wait for me.

I am not sure, but she might have been waiting for me at the exact same spot
that I waited for Alexia. I do not remember either who was the first to
recognize the other one. I had realized before that I would have to kiss her
hello. Whatever happened during our date, there was a very significant chance
that she would not kiss me goodbye.

I got there. I saw her look up and stand up from her seat. We acknowledged each
other, but there was no kiss, no hug, no affection. _You are here; I am here.
Let's do this._

The date at the ramen place started as any other. She most probably had no idea
of the turmoil that had been through my head the week before. I made no mention
of it during the first half. Eventually, after we both had already ordered and
gotten our food, very awkwardly and clumsily, I started bringing out the subject
of us, of expectations and needs.

Before she apologized for not replying; before I told her I did not care about
her seeing other people despite myself feeling no urge to do it; before she
implied that she is not looking—and probably does not want it at all—for
anything more serious than what we have, I told her I had missed her. I admitted
that I noticed and ached her absence. I had briefly regretted deleting Instagram
since along with the account went my only bridge to her personal life besides
our encounters. She pulled out her phone and opened the app. With a couple of
intentional moves of her finger, we both were looking at the archive of the
stories she had posted during the three weeks that separated our last date and
the present. I rested my head on her shoulder; she acted as if she had not
noticed or cared. We both looked at the videos as if it were a movie.

I'm sitting at the bar by the window of café Pikolo. I have two hours before our
agreed time. I haven't even finished writing about Monday.

Clara and I walked together back to station Mont-Royal. We were waiting by the
platform, the unzipped open edges of her black coat were in reach. I held the
urge of grabbing them and pulling her closer, a final act commemorating the
countless times I wished her closer. I could kiss her in a double-entendre in
the form of a plea to stay and a final goodbye.

Instead, I just looked at her and let out in whisper, "when do you think I will
see you again?"

She answered back in a non-committed barely-verbal murmur. Maybe she was
unconvinced herself. I did not insist.

We boarded the arriving train. This time there were no available seats to take.
The way back was painfully shorter. One station before _Rosemont_, I swallowed
my pride a and caressed her cheek.

"Bye," I exhaled. I kissed her mouth two times: the first one desperate and the
second resigned. Neither her body nor her head nor her lips moved. Passively she
took them both, perhaps aware of how much these last kisses meant to me.

The train finally slowed down. She looked at me with a face made up in either
affection or pity. "I will see you soon," she promised this time. The doors
opened for her. We both smiled in painful melancholy. Through the windows
separating us she waved at me, her smile completely faded.

I teared up before the train caught up its full speed.

I made it home. Contrary to habit, I got inside and closed the door behind me
before untying and taking my shoes off. I reclined on the wall and took off the
left shoe. It fell on the welcome carpet with an empty thud. A sudden storm of
emotion came upon me. I started sobbing and let myself slide down the wall next
to my winter boot. I sat down, half-barefoot, feeling the weight of what we
talked and what we left unsaid.

The next morning I had therapy. I summarized my night and conversation to
Fabiola. I did not expect her to suggest me to meet other people.

None of the women Lavi liked for me during Valentine's had matched me. The one I
let her match did not reply to my message. I continued using the application,
betraying what I had just said the night before about having no intentions of
seeing other people.

By that same afternoon Hilary liked me back. We had a short, but effective
conversation. She seemed interested and engaging. I gave her a taste of my
humour. After maybe an hour, she invited me for a date this weekend. I do not
remember if I hesitated before saying yes.

Thursday I met with Alda. We first thought about meeting at a café, but, since I
would go to the Neuro, we decided to go somewhere close to downtown. It was her
who proposed Lola Rosa. I could have suggested going to the one on Milton,
cozier and closer to me. Instead, I shared with her the story of the date I had
with Clara the same day we had met Renzo and José; the story about the couscous,
the pitcher of sangría, and the spontaneous note on a receipt ticket.

Alda was going to meet me outside McGill's gym and walk together to the
restaurant. I got outside and was waiting for her when I received Hilary's text
on Hinge. She said she was planning her weekend and thus wanted to confirm if I
was still down to meet her. We agreed on Darling at 19h30. Alda got to where I
was, and we started our walk.

The restaurant was much emptier than what I was expecting. The woman behind the
bar still asked us if we had a reservation when I asked for a table. She passed
by the task to the waitress that approached us by swiping the tablet towards
her. "They don't have a reservation," she informed her in English. After a
couple of swipes and touches, the waitress guided us to a table by the window,
but not the one I was hoping for. The welcoming question and in-app movement on
the tablet suggested to me the uselessness of asking for the table. Alda, on the
other hand, was surprised by my silent resignation. The waitress noticed and
asked us what was happening with a grimace. I think it was Alda who pointed at
the table.

"Oh, that table is reserved."

We ordered our food and the same pitcher I had had three weeks before. It had
been too much then, and it was too effective that night as well. I might be
wrong, but I think the women for whom the table was reserved arrived before our
food. All throughout the night, I kept glancing at them, resisting the
flirtatious idea of waiting until the end of the night and start the hunt.

I shared my idea with Alda and concluded, "I am not doing it, though. It is not
happening."

"You are not doing it."

"No. Years later, I will have forgotten about it. I will be here, maybe on a
date, and suddenly realize that I am sitting at a special table. I will open the
drawer and somehow find it."

Alda did not seem convinced by my fantasy. She did not push it.

Later in the night, possibly after we were already done with our food, I turned
towards the women and noticed they were no longer there. Their used plates and
two receipts remained as evidence they had once been there. I told Alda out loud
that I could do it, go there, sit down quickly and look for the infamous note.

Several times I talked aloud about the idea, unconvinced myself that I was
indeed capable of doing it. I looked towards the waitresses trying to predict
their movements and calculating in my head the time I would have for my feat. It
seemed so feasible and at the same time impossible.

"You are not going to do it, you are too anxious."

I stood up, walked behind the two women sitting next to us, and sat down at the
abandoned table. I opened the drawer and went to work. There were many more
tickets than what I was expecting. Fortunately I had read the first words, so I
could easily discard notes. After what could have been 50, I saw the waitress
approaching our table. I was ready to give up, and then I saw it. _Couscous is
like rice, but it's like little balls_.

I put the found treasure in my pocket, closed the drawer, and went back to my
seat. The waitress made no mention of my crime.

By the time Alda and I had paid our food and were ready to leave, I got the pen
Sonny bought for me in New York City, turned around my ticket and started
writing a note to leave behind in place of the one I had just stolen.

> Soit que c'est vraiment la fin, soit que tu reviens, j'espère que tu vas bien
> aussi.

Wednesday, the day before my dinner with Alda, I met Majo and Lavi at Majo's
office. The plan was to have dinner at an Indian place in honour of María's
birthday. I think by then Lavi had made no mention of being uncomfortable by the
idea of going to Unity later in the week.

Jana met with us at the restaurant. We talked about graduate school, stress and
toxic spaces. I am aware how fortunate I am by Louis and my PhD experience, but
after hearing Jana and Lavi's stories, I almost felt bad about my own privilege.

Lavi and Majo went in the opposite direction of Jana and me. When I was home,
Majo shared with me a screenshot of Jana.

`Jana > I had so much fun, thank you for inviting me!  I really like Sophia
(Sofia?) a lot, she's so funny!`

Jana was never supposed to go to Unity. Lavi decided she did not want to go, and
after a dramatic group conversation, Majo realized she did not want Shub nor
Seline there either. By the end it was just Alda, María and I.

We went to Alda's house first. I did not go to the office. I took with me the
bottle of Amaretto Alda bought with me the night before and went to join María
at her office again. We had dinner together in the cafeteria, then took the
metro to Alda's apartment—my own old place.

The amaretto made the memories come out easier. María shared with Alda her
experiences about her first and last love. Alda ended up convinced to join us to
the club.

The doorman did not ask for my ID. All throughout the night I kept being
reminded of my own age. I looked at the young girls dancing and flirting. I felt
weirded out by my own attractions. Several women caught my glances and smiled
back, but nobody approached anyone.

We had to stay until the very end of the night, after the club closure, given
that Alda lost her coat token. Since it was only half-an-hour after we had
decided to leave, neither Majo nor I were particularly annoyed by this.

All three of us took different means for getting back home. I might have been
the first one to arrive.

I lost most of my Saturday, but there was nothing special to miss.

I still have 30 minutes before this café closes. And another 30 minutes to get
to Darling.

_Le Bar Darling_, is the place where I went with M, four years ago. Without
realizing it, it was the first time here I rejected somebody. Years after that,
I went again with Alexia. I might have gone there on other dates I have
forgotten. Will this be one of those?

Moments ago I received a reply from another practically anonymous woman on
Hinge. I had liked a picture of most of her face covered with what google tells
me is called a _balaclava_. Only her turquoise eyes curtained by her reddish
orange fringe are visible.

An almost derivative portrait of the photo I had liked from Clara's profile.

`Sofía > It's like those eyes could look through me`

`Myriam > I have that special Power. I can see the darkness and the most
luminous of people caught in my look`

_is it weird that rather than intimidated, I feel excited? i'm all yours to
explore/unveil._
