---
date: 2025-02-13
word_count: 806
reading_time: 3.1
epigraph: |
  "Hey, I'd really like to see you this week. when are you free?"

  "Hey Sofibug
  "I might be free on Sunday, cancelling a hike because of the storm, if not then would Monday after work also do?"
epigraph_attribution: Sofía & Clara
city: Montréal
dates:
  - "2024-02-14 (In anxiety of the next one, thought back to last Valentine's with @Sophie at #Thomson-House)"
  - 2025-02-09 (@Majo tells me I looked sad when we met and she had the urge to hug me.)
  - . (Blocked @Sophie from appearing on my TikTok. Deleted her number and @Bea's)
people: [Sophie, Bea, Clara, "@Majo"]
events: [Fading-Clara, HRT-crisis, HRT-smuggling, Stormy-Valentine]
notes: |
  Buying the second vial of HRT from the Canadian Pharmacy.
  In expectation of our next meeting, I grieve the ideas of making use of the 120mm camera & the handwritten letters.
---

# Thursday, February 13th, 2025

> "Hey, I'd really like to see you this week. when are you free?"
>
> "Hey Sofibug \
> I might be free on Sunday, cancelling a hike because of the storm, if not then would Monday after work also do?"

— Sofía & Clara

---

Slowly, maybe without giving any signs, I have been slowly giving up on us.

Signs to her. To everyone else, it has been an open subject.

I cannot believe how despite talking so much about it, I have not made my own
mind about what is it that I want.

My hormones have still not gotten here. They started moving for a while, they
even left the States. They got to customs in the UK and have not moved since the
8th. I sent an e-mail to the vendors asking if maybe there had been a mistake
with the tracking number. They replied fairly quickly this time saying the
number was correct. For some reason USPS had decided to reroute the package. If
the package gets seized or stops moving let us know, and we'll reship, they
finished.

I think I got that e-mail after I had browsed silvermaplelabs, the Canadian
vendor. The vial was even cheaper. I considered buying from them. I shared my
impulsive idea with Majo. I sent it to Sonny, too, expecting her to judge me as
impatient and assuming this to be another manifestation of my rushed nature.
Instead, she said that it made sense, and it would not end up being a fruitless
purchase; the other ones would end up coming here sometime in the future,
probably.

In less than an hour, I bought the remaining crypto I needed and bought the
vial. By the morning of the next day, I had a tracking number with a potential
time of arrival for the end of the week. This vial of hormones will probably
make it here faster than the syringes I bought with Amazon Prime.

I have not decided if I will continue filling my old prescription for hormones.

`Majo > Hace días te quería decir que el domingo que nos vimos, cuando vi tu cara, te veías triste` \
`Majo > Y me dieron ganas de abrazarte`

`Sofía > Do you still believe that the most probable outcome of all of this is
that this, whatever it is between us, is ending?"`

> Yes. The most probable outcome is still that his ends.

> Not because you did something wrong. Not because you aren't enough. But
> because the weight of uncertainty, inconsistency, and emotional misalignment is
> unsustainable.

> Even if she does reply, even if you see her again, the fundamental issue
> remains: her pattern of engagement triggers your deepest wounds; you are
> constantly in a state of questioning your worth in this dynamic; you need more
> emotional reciprocity than what she has consistently shown.

> This doesn't mean she doesn't like you. This doesn't mean she has bad
> intentions. But it does mean that you are already hurting, already doubting,
> already bracing for the loss. And that? That is not a foundation for something
> lasting."

---

Tomorrow is Valentine's Day. Last year, I begged Sophie for breadcrumbs of
attention and ended up meeting her at Thomson House during her lunch break. We
saw each other for less than 30 minutes. I bought her an iced latte with
vegetable milk since she is allergic to dairy. We talked about work and how she
was going to go on a trip to Ottawa for around a week. When she stood up to
leave, she openly brought up the idea of meeting again after her return.

"Text me when you're back," I offered her as a goodbye. She misunderstood me and
reached out from her office saying she had to get into a meeting as soon as she
got back.

With Sophie, I never really considered the idea of being the one to end things.
I ended up in tears from the frustration of not being able to hold off the urge
to keep reaching out to her despite her silence.

I keep being shown her videos by the algorithm of TikTok, the only social
network besides Reddit that I have still on my phone. This afternoon I finally
blocked her in the hopes that will stop her videos from appearing. A couple of
days ago I deleted her number and Bea's from my contacts list.

I keep practicing in my head the speech that I unconsciously want to prepare for
when I end up seeing Clara in a couple of days.

An hour ago I glanced at the camera and remembered my fantasy of asking to take
pictures of us with the roll of 120 mm. I think back to my idea of sending her a
handwritten letter, or the concert ticket that I will probably not use. I will
grieve more what will not happen, rather than what did.
