---
date: 2025-02-16
word_count: 951
reading_time: 3.7
epigraph: Yo sería muy feliz viéndote hoy
epigraph_attribution: Aliza
city: Montréal
dates:
  - date: "."
    context: "Cancelled brunch at #Walter's; getting stranded at #The-Glen."
    # TODO: Look up the names of the libraries at C. Desjardins and Place des arts
    locations: [BAnQ, Complexe Desjardins]
    people: [Clara, Aliza, Walter, Majo, Alda]
  - date: 2025-02-17
    context: "Breakfast at #The-Glen. Plans with @Clara."
    people: [Majo]
people: [Clara, Aliza, Walter, "@Majo", Alda]
events: [Fading-Clara, Stormy-Valentine]
tags: [Storm, Raki]
notes: |
  Picked up Barthes book. Irrationally angry with Walter and Aliza.
  Got stranded with Majo at The Glen. She urges me to be assertive with Clara.
  Then jokes that she's used to dating men.
  "You're dating a straight girl! You're just like me!"
---

# Sunday, February 16th, 2025

> Yo sería muy feliz viéndote hoy

— Aliza

---

It's 4h44. Despite thinking I could be able to stay awake the whole night, the
tiredness is starting to conquer my body. The lights in Majo's office are off.
It is not pitch black only because I used the thrash can to leave the door open
for her in case I fall asleep. I keep yawning. I hope I have an hour and not
just 15 minutes to finish these words.

This morning my alarm did not have to sing. As usual, the first thing I did when
waking up was unlocking the phone screen and browsing the notifications. I got
to hear the notification bell of Clara's reply to my question about seeing each
other. Her question was a bastard child of a question and a confirmation. Dinner
tomorrow.

_Do you even want to see me?_, flashed inside me, furiously red, warming me in
an unrecognizable burst of emotion.

Aliza's text came before it could phase away, mixing with it, and moving me to
tears. I cannot recall to whom did I answer first, or whether my responses came
from my bed or if they were from later in the morning—I cannot look into my
phone to check, since my battery has died.

Last night I was almost convinced I would not go to Walter's thing. Majo wanted
me to go, so she could have an insider that would be able to tell her what was
talked about. Aliza's text convinced me. I got ready and calculated an
appropriate time to leave, so I could catch the 30 bus to the metro. I needed
some buffer time, so I could also pass by the library to pick up the Barthes
book that was finally ready for me. For some reason, I did not catch the bus. I
walked to the metro station. I noticed the strength of the storm, but did not
particularly struggle to get to my destination. I was already inside and waiting
for the next train when I saw Aliza's text saying Walter's thing would be
postponed due to the weather. I was succumbed by another disproportionate
reaction, this time, annoyance rather than insecurity.

I got to the library and picked up the book. I thought I could use the
underground city to wander around for a bit, I had thought about going to Place
d'Armes and use the ATM on the way between the _Palais de Congres_ and _Complexe
Desjardins_. I took some bills out and continued towards the mall. I made a stop
at a café where I got myself some coffee and breakfast. I sat down, ate, and
read my book. The whiteness of the storm overpowered the view outside the
windows.

I reached out to Alda by SMS. She replied almost instantly, saying she was just
about to reach out to me. She attributed it to telepathy. She picked up the
conversation from where we had left it some days ago, asking me why was I
thinking about ending things with Clara. After I gave her a brief recap, she
surprised me by disagreeing with my aims. She played devil's advocate without
crossing the line of invalidating my own feelings. I then surprised myself by
not using her contrasting opinion as way to hold on to the hopes of remaining in
whatever it is Clara and I are right now, instead, I stood by my position.

We continued chatting about Valentine's and how her bottle of _raki_ is almost
over.

After a while, I decided to wander around the mall. I made a stop at both
libraries inside _Complexe Desjardins_ and _Place des Arts_. I looked at the
different books selected by the staff, trying to make note of them. I realized I
could look them up in the library. I decided to head back there, to kill some
time before catching up to Majo in the CUSM, for a third time this weekend.

In the afternoon, after another back-and-forth with Majo, I decided to text
Clara asking her to set a time for tomorrow. My initial motivation for this
urgency was that, because of the storm I would end up staying the night in the
hospital without a charger, and my phone would not survive the next hour.
Instead, the message turned into an exercise of demanding respect for my time.
With this second, assertive text, which asked her to set a time, so I could
manage my schedule, her reply was much, much quicker. Her response started with
a yes—for my question, I assume—and mentioning another place where they sell
ramen a friend of hers had suggested. She finished at 16h30, but with the 75 min
it takes her for transportation, her time was similar to the made up time I
would be getting off work that Majo insisted on give her. I was aware I should
not continue asking her, but rather pick a choice myself. I gave her the name of
my original idea and then used the rating in maps as the reason for deciding to
go to her option.

This interaction led Majo to think that most of Clara's romantic experiences
must have been straight. She noticed now, in hindsight, all the tints of
heteronormativity that stain her behavior. She then laughed and said I am just
like her: dating a straight woman.

When we went to have subway for dinner close to midnight, I told her how
something in one of the many conversations we have had this extraordinarily long
weekend must have triggered something deep in me, as the thought of the
potential outcome where our pseudo-relationship does not survive our dinner
tomorrow no longer gave me anxiety.
