---
date: 2025-02-28
word_count: 1248
reading_time: 4.8
epigraph: &quote |
  Tenoch se disculpó. Su novia lo esperaba para ir al cine. Julio insistió en
  pagar la cuenta.

  Nunca volverán a verse.

  "Nos hablamos, ¿no?"

  "Sí..."
city: Montréal
dates:
  # - ??? (Like with the @Catfisher, I suspect the woman behind these photos was not real.)
  - 2025-02-25 (Indian dinner with @Sarah at Laval. @Myriam proposed to meet mid-March. Redownloaded IG using @Paty as an excuse.)
  - 2025-02-26 (I received the first vial of E2. I watch Y tu mamá también with @Majo. We read the Tarot.)
  - 2025-02-27 (Did not leave the apartment, I ordered two regular A&W burgers despite the initiative to be vegetarian. Then I did not sleep.)
  - . (Sexting with Gaelle. I texted @Clara at 4h54 - hey. i miss you.)
people:
  ["@Catfisher (Emily)", Lavi, Sarah, Myriam, Hilary, "@Paty", "@Majo", Gaelle]
events: [Fading-Clara, HRT-smuggling, Two-white-spaces]
tags: [Fabiola, IG-story, Tarot]
references:
  - content: *quote
    source:
      title: Y tu mamá también
      author: Alfonso Cuarón
      type: film
notes: |
  I redownloaded IG using Paty's salence from Telegram as an excuse.
  I watch Clara's story and wonder if it's about a past, potentially death connection.
  Dance deleting and saving Clara's number again and again. Then, I redownloaded Tinder.
  Afterwards, I sent a text: Hey. i miss you.
---

# Friday, February 28th, 2025

> Tenoch se disculpó. Su novia lo esperaba para ir al cine. Julio insistió en
> pagar la cuenta.
>
> Nunca volverán a verse.
>
> "Nos hablamos, ¿no?"
>
> "Sí..."

— Y tu mamá también (2001). Alfonso Cuarón.

---

Last night it was one of those.

Since my latest session with Fabiola, I have debating with myself and those
around me whether this that I am feeling is the beginning of a depression or
just an unrecognized sadness from what has been happening.

I can write it, but I do not know if I would fully believe that I have not been
checking my phone waiting for a particular notification. Lavi and I had proposed
an informal bet about receiving something by the end of the month. I guess that
would have been tonight.

First, I met with Sarah. Two weeks ago she had to postpone because of hygiene
related complications resulting from the breast biopsy she had earlier that day.
I met her at Laval, she was waiting at the crossing by the bus stop where I got
off. We talked, with such familiar clumsiness and awkwardness that, had it been
a date, I would have left with no hope of ever seeing her again. Maybe that is
why I casually mentioned seeing her again before her departure to Korea in a
couple of weeks.

Myriam, the only other person in my conversations of Hinge other than Clara and
Hilary, proposed to meet somewhen around that same time mid-March. I did not
show any sign of my lack of excitement for another vapid first date. I agreed
half-heartedly. Perhaps noticing this, she gave me the reassurance that I seem
to lack in most of my romantic encounters.

`Myriam > Yes !!! I find you very cute and funny:)`

I downloaded Instagram again using Paty's silence as an excuse. I sent her a
last message like someone would throw a life preserver off a boat at the sign of
someone drowning. This one she held on to. She sent me a 30s audio. I did not
listen to it until days later. I am not even sure if I replied.

When I logged back in, there was green circle surrounding the reddish portrait
of Clara. I clicked on it with the same desperation I would have reached for a
bottle of water in the dessert. The background was of a black-and-white picture
of seashells over sand. On top, the lyrics kept showing mimicking the singer's
voice.

> I'm worried I'll forget your face \
> And I've asked everyone \
> I'm beginning to think I've imagined you all along.

She has not posted anything else the days since.

Wednesday I received the vial of estradiol on the mail. I gave myself a shot on
the left leg just in time to continue the previous single-use vial that remained
from my past in Mexico City.

I met with Majo at her hospital that day. We had dinner together.

The night before I had heard mice moving around and nibbling something behind
the fridge. After some fidgeting noises, I stood up and found a dead mouse that
had carried the trap which had gotten his rear leg all the way until the side of
the fridge. There it had finally died.

Majo came back with me to my apartment. The plan was to get some snacks and
drinks and watch _Y tu mamá también_. Several snippets of the last phrase had
kept been shown to me on Instagram—or maybe TikTok. We passed by SAQ, Dollarama,
the pharmacy, and finally the _dépanneur_.

Mirroring the night of Valentine's at Lavi's, Majo wanted to do a tarot reading.
Again, it was scarily on point. For the past, the first card, the 9 of Cups told
about a connection that brought real joy—but which was never complete. The
present, the ominous Death & Rebirth signaled a moment of transition, of
endings, and transformations. The last one, for the future, the 5 of Wands
warned that it would not be easy, yet struggling through it would be the only
way to free myself.

> This is the moment where you choose. \
> Do you hold onto a ghost and call it love? \
> Or do you let it die, so that you may be reborn?

The next day, it feels as if I did not get out of bed at all. It was the 90th
anniversary of the Neuro, so all meetings with Louis were cancelled. I had
registered for the event. I still did not move.

Eventually I must have gotten out of bed. I know I ordered two A&W
burgers—regular ones, despite my latest urge of eating vegetarian.

It was last night. It feels so far back, yet it was just yesterday. Two nights
ago I bought the small bottle of Kraken that right now I feel tempted to finish.

I did not remain in bed the whole day, because I did not return to it through
the night. I continued working. I did not stop even after my first e-mail to
Louis at 2h30 in the morning. I kept at it and amended the plots I sent him on
another e-mail almost half an hour afterwards.

I did go to bed, eventually. I was in bed, under the covers, when I could not
hold still in my waiting. I had deleted Clara's phone number from my contacts
list, as if I could foretell what was about to come. I got it, maybe from a
post-it unto which I noted it down trying to circumvent my own measures, maybe
from the contact banner at the bottom of the website accessible from Instagram
which I have not gotten back to delete again.

I downloaded Tinder again trying to distract my own impulsive and irrational
_id_. I selected a bunch of pictures more recent than the ones on Hinge. I
swiped right on people well aware that at 4 in the morning, nobody would be
present to respond to my desperate flailing trying to remain afloat.

When I got tired of browsing and selecting people as if they were pieces of
clothing in an online store, I went back to think of the hundred things I had to
say—the hundred ways that I could subtly beg her not to go.

In the end, I did not send but four words. I am sure they don't remain
unseen—just unacknowledged.

This morning, I opened back Tinder and had only one match. It was a woman more
than 50 km away from me. She started the conversation and I responded swiftly.
She asked me to switch to French. Before I was fully conscious of what had
happened we moved to text messaging to exchange private pictures of each other.
Like years ago when I was hurting a different French woman, I suspected that the
person sending the pictures was not necessarily the same one showing her face
and breasts on them. I, just like years ago, sent back some of my own.

Up until when I asked her if she had touched herself like I had just done in the
shower, above the conversation remained an anonymous phone number. I did not add
Gaelle to the images of a cat and a fish that I had selected cheekily when I
decided not to add anything to her last message.

Below her, there's the reborn contact of Clara, this time with a video-camera
next to her nickname. Timed exactly 12h before the one above at 4h54, two brief
and raw sentences.

`Sof > hey. i miss you`
