---
date: 2025-01-18
word_count: 746
reading_time: 2.9
epigraph: | 
According to Dr. Perera, other Wellness Hub doctors should know to refer patients seeking HRT to Hygea, and to refill the existing prescriptions of any patients worried about running out while on the Hygea wait list.

Patients should remember that they can ask for a copy of their endocrinology referral and submit it to any endo clinic, public or private. If patients ask for a general referral for HRT they can use it at any Montréal clinic with providers willing to prescribe HRT.
epigraph_attribution: Montréal Trans Patient Union
city: Montréal
people: [Hashana, "@Paty (Patricia)", Clara, "@Majo (María-José)"]
events: [HRT-crisis]
tags: [HRT]
notes: Start getting anxiety about the idea of 'having the conversation' with Clara.
---

# Saturday, January 18th, 2025

> According to Dr. Perera, other Wellness Hub doctors should know to refer
> patients seeking HRT to Hygea, and to refill the existing prescriptions of any
> patients worried about running out while on the Hygea wait list.
>
> Patients should remember that they can ask for a copy of their endocrinology
> referral and submit it to any endo clinic, public or private. If patients ask
> for a general referral for HRT they can use it at any Montréal clinic with
> providers willing to prescribe HRT.

— Montreal Trans Patient Union

---

Was it today or yesterday that I scanned the latest two film rolls?

I woke up before noon, despite being the weekend. I had no plans and no reason
to shower or get out of the apartment. I had messages from Majo and Sonny.

This morning I made my coffee iced for the first time since I've been back.

I called the pharmacy to renew my prescription for hormones. I have only one
spiro pill left for tomorrow morning. Like the past few times, I pressed 1 to
continue with the options in French I have memorized. This time, after typing
the code of the first bottle, I got back a different notice informing me my
prescription was coming to an end and mentioning something about calling my
doctor for an appointment I only half understood. I panicked and hung up,
thinking the request would be cancelled. The next time the robotic voice offered
me to choose a language to proceed I picked the safest option. I tried putting
in the same code I had done before, but I got notified of an error due to
already being an existing active request for that prescription. I continued with
the second bottle of pills. I then confirmed what I thought I had gotten from
the first voice warning. It was just letting me know this would be the last
refill and to schedule an appointment with the Dr in order to not run out of my
medications. I continued with the process and chose a pick-up time for tomorrow
noon.

I texted Majo, to tell her what I had just done, and share a glimpse of the
newly awaken anxiety it had caused me. Not even 5 minutes later, I got a call
from the pharmacy. I picked it up and started in French. It was the
pharmacist—or maybe an assistant—informing me they had just gotten the request
and wanted to confirm I had already scheduled an appointment with my Dr. I
answered with a half-truth saying I would see them next Friday. That seemed to
appease them and mentioned something about the pharmacist. We hung up.

All day I was hoping for a text of Clara telling me she could come tonight if I
were free.

`soffiafdz > but if you need to sort your living situation out, don't feel
pressured. as much as i wanna see you or in need of a hug, i can wait`

Was I lying, or why is it so difficult to be patient?

In her latest message, she warned me she was feeling upset about her moving and
having to show her room this weekend. She still did not reject the ideas and
instead asked me for a time. Maybe I should have proposed a day.

I thought some time today about how I am nervous—is it fear or anxiety?—of
having the conversation about what we expect from each other. I can sense our
interest is unbalanced. The expectations I carelessly let grow will most
probably not be met.

Yet, she did not shut down the idea of buying the ticket. She was not eager to
have sex with me, since it was me who reached out to her after we both had
already given up on the night by falling asleep. She did bring her toothbrush in
her to teabag, planning to stay the night. We have been going at it slowly.

I do not know how to read her. I should not try to guess.

`Sof > incluso si se acabara hoy mismo, es lo mejor que me ha ido en todo lo que
llevo en Mtl.`

I chatted with Paty tonight. She had posted some stories with tall glasses of
cocktails. The last one I commented was her losing count on the probably-1lt-
tall cups around the fourth or fifth.

`soffiafdz > weeeyyy sigues viva`

`urfuckii.supreme > No. Gracias por preguntar`

`soffiafdz > para eso estamos`

`urfuckii.supreme > No me digas wey. Soy tu futura esposa`
