---
date: 2025-03-11
word_count: 1519
reading_time: 5.8
epigraph: &ref |
  Y, ¿de qué sirve hablar? No te quiero ver.
  ¿De qué sirve verte si no te puedo tener aquí?
  Y verte así.
references:
  content: *ref
  source:
    type: song
    title: nadie va a pensar en ti mejor que yo
    author: Ed Maverick
dates:
  - date: ?? Majo & Emily
    context: Told @Fabiola about my meeting, and disliking @Emily, and how @Majo asked me how worried she should have been about my state.
  - date: ?? Date with Anne-Sophie
    context: "Remember having a date with @Anne-Sophie at #Café-Velours"
  - date: 2025-03-10
    context: I tell the lab I feel sick and will skip the meeting; trouble sleeping at night.
    people: [Louis, Daniel]
  - date: .
    people: [Fabiola, Sonny, Yuval, Alda]
    locations: [BAnQ, La Taverne Atlantic, Oui mais non]
people: [Louis, Daniel (Daniel Andrews)]
tags: [Therapy, Depression]
events: Fading-Clara
notes: |
  Let her go, says Sonny.
  What do you want from her?, asked Fabiola
---

# Tuesday, March 11th, 2025

> Y, ¿de qué sirve hablar? No te quiero ver. \
> ¿De qué sirve verte si no te puedo tener aquí? \
> Y verte así.

—Nadie va a pensar en ti mejor que yo. Ed Maverick.

---

Was it a conscious decision not to write yesterday or did I just decide not to
do it?

Was it conscious, too, or was I forced not to attend the Neuro meeting?

Like the week before, I woke up and grabbed the phone waiting for an email, a
notice that there was—or preferably, not—the meeting we had been postponing or
cancelling. There was something, but not what I was hoping. Louis sent out a
reminder to meet us that afternoon. It was a follow-up to Daniel's original
e-mail stating the plans for the meeting would be to update everyone on the
status of our research and projects. I read it and felt the heaviness of life
pushing me down. It was much stronger than the motivation the night before which
had led me to put an alarm early to have plenty of time to get to the office. I
sent out a reply to all, letting them know I was not feeling well. Rather than
depression, the cause I used was the half-truth of my sore throat during the
weekend. To them, I said it had developed into a full flu. I was going to stay
home for the next few days, so I would try—big emphasis on the lack of
commitment—to connect on Teams.

Defeated, I went back to bed.

I had plenty of time to sleep a little more and get up to my desk to join the
meeting. I was not able.

Around 13h, I got another email—or perhaps it was a direct message on Teams.
Louis wanted to let me know they were all ready and I could connect whenever I
wanted. I had barely the energy to text out an apology saying I started feeling
much worse and would have to skip the meeting. Louis used an outlook feature I
am unfamiliar with to react to whatever was it the medium I sent it on with a
thumbs up emoji. I am not sure how much I slept.

For some reason I do not feel like continuing writing about yesterday. It is
hard to even think about what was it that happened. I am sure it was an
uneventful day, yet there is still this nagging feeling I am forgetting
something.

I could not fall asleep. Midnight came and went. I took the pill at an
appropriate hour. I masturbated thinking it would ease my nerves and calm me
down. By 2h and 3h, I was still turning fighting my own mind and body. I decided
to get up and continue working on whatever I was doing for the paper I still
have not finished correcting. I lasted around two hours, before I was too tired
to concentrate, albeit still not sleepy. I do not know how long it took me to
finally fall asleep.

I might have put an alarm. If I did, it was useless. After the Daylight Saving
Time, my therapy session was an hour later at noon. Even having that extra hour,
I got out of bed with only enough time to dampening my hair to tame the curls
and fake a fresh out-of-the-shower look.

I think it was yesterday, when Sonny asked me how I was doing, and I confessed
that not very well.

"Let her go," was the only thing she said; maybe the only thing there was to
say.

This morning I received a notification from my messaging app. It was Yuval. He
reminded me who he was and continued letting me know he would need to come over
sometime to give me the notice of lease renewal and a bottle of champagne. He
was going to be around the building cleaning the shared areas so, if I were to
come back, I could find him. I could have replied I was in, and he could knock
and come anytime. I was not about to leave until the early evening. I had plenty
of time. It would have been the best for both of us. Why did I decide against
it?

In my therapy I mentioned my mood swings. I referred back the Sunday before
last. I talked how that same Tuesday when we had our last session, I met with
Majo and Emily. That evening after she left, Majo and I remained there, and she
brought it up asking how normal those episodes were for me. She wondered how
concerned she should be about it happening again—or at all.

I brought up how I have been more intentional about keeping track of my daily
life in the traveller's notebook. I mentioned the night I did not sleep at all
and the euphoria and energy I had the full day. I talked about Friday and how
Majo and I came back to my place to watch a movie, only to be interrupted by the
text neither of us was expecting.

Did I talk too much about that message? Did I approach the subject in depth
about the confusion and mixture of emotions I felt after reading those
sentences? I for sure said nothing about the double space after the comma. I
most probably did not mention either how the same sentences have had several
different meanings depending on the day I reread them. I definitely did not say
I deleted the whole conversation to keep it away from my mind, only to recover
them back from the almost-oblivion.

Fabiola asked me what it was that I wanted from Clara.

Did I mention the message I was waiting to send back?

"Clarity," I replied. "A clear answer," I explained further.

She brought up that, from what she remembers, last time we met, Clara let me
know she was not ready nor wanted to have anything more serious, nothing more
committed—or just consistent; she openly stated she would not be able to change
her ways of communicating. Fabiola continued how these two weeks of silence and
the further week of waiting before replying to my text are further evidence of
what I already know.

"A mí me parece bastante claro."

Somewhen during the weekend Alda reached out to me in the morning asking me for
my plans for the day. Later, when I was fully awake, I replied with whatever it
was that I was going to do. She thought about asking me to do something, but
then realized it was her second day of her period, and thus she would rather do
it some other time. That other time was this evening.

We had talked about coming here to _Oui mais non_. When we confirmed the idea of
a _café_, Alda worried there would not be many options open in the evening. I
thought about _Velours_ remembering one date I had in the late afternoon. She
was blonde and we spoke French. She worked at _Marché Jean-Talon_ in a tea
shop—was it hers? I brought up that _Ouis mais non_ opens until around 22h. It
would be perfect for meeting at around 18h.

In the morning I saw the weather today was not only above 0°, but around 9°. It
would be a missed opportunity to stay inside and not make use of it. Rather than
wearing my red puffy coat, I grabbed the black denim jacket I have not worn
since last year. I took the laptop Vlad gave me, the next book I need to finish
and return to the library by the end of the month, and headed out to the
library. I worried a little that Yuval would see me and intercept me on the way.
He did not.

I did not stay long at the library by the time Alda replied to my text letting
her know of my plans and giving her the option of meeting at _La graine brûlée_.
Instead, she proposed going somewhere to eat. Neither of us felt like searching
for new available options. After wondering a bit, we ended up deciding to go to
_La Taverne Atlantic_. It was the terrasse where she, Sonny, and I ended up one
afternoon after wandering through Little Italy. We had forgotten its name and
lost track of it. Months ago, while I was looking for places, I hunted for it. I
forgot how, but I ended up finding it and saving it on my maps.

We talked about doing something, perhaps, next Monday for St-Patrick's. Both
Alda and Majo seem to agree with the idea of meeting the three of us together
again.

I took the 480 bus with the plan of transferring to the 193 that leaves me one
or two blocks away of my house. It was still sunny outside by the time we left
the bar. I decided to come to _Ouis mais non_ by myself and write here. The
extra five dollars I would spend for this cup of tea seemed to be worth not
being by myself for one or two more hours.
