---
date: 2025-02-09
word_count: 858
reading_time: 3.3
epigraph: majo doesn't like clara anymore [...] eso me dio más tristeza que el ghosteo
epigraph_attribution: Sofía
city: Montréal
dates:
  - "2024-11-23 (Reintroduce the night I met @Lavi; she told @María she liked my makeup)"
  - date: 2025-02-08
    context: "Brunch with @María at #Larry's, walk around #Saint-Laurent, friperies, and a drink at #Dieu-du-ciel!"
  - ". (#Café Safran with @Majo and @Lavi; declined going to #Shub's and took the long way home instead.)"
people:
  - Aliza
  - "@Majo (María-José)"
  - "@María (María-José)"
  - Clara
  - "@Shub (Shubhendra)"
tags: Friendship
events: Fading-Clara
notes: |
  Explored the friperies and looked around St-Valentine cards.
  Parallelism between my night of January and Lavi's previous night with her date.
  Majo starts disliking Clara. Majo talks about the (ending) friendship with Aliza.
  After declining on going to Shub's house, I took the long way home.
---

# Sunday, February 9th, 2025

> majo doesn't like clara anymore [...] eso me dio más tristeza que el ghosteo

— Sofía

---

I drank tonight as well.

Yesterday, I went out with María, again. We went to brunch at _Larry's_. Like
usual, we talked about Aliza and Clara. We both have been feeling conflicted in
our own ways. We walked around Saint-Laurent on that side of the city. We
entered an inconspicuous _friperie_, and browsed around. I stayed by the
greeting cards looking at the different ones, semiconsciously looking to the St-
Valentine ones. We got outside and went back from where we came from to continue
the afternoon and our conversation sharing a bowl of fries at _Dieu du ciel!_

Our plans today were with Lavi. I met Majo's friend three months ago, the same
night of one of my dates with Clara. It was our third one, when we watched a
movie at UQAM and prolonged our date past midnight; it was the dawn when I
confessed to her I was trans and when we had our first kiss in front of the
metro station. I had spent the afternoon with Majo that evening. Lavi joined us
after her own date. Lavi later told María how funny she had found me, how cool.
She made an observation of how skilled I was with my makeup. If I remember
correctly, I was wearing a skirt that night and my eyes were framed by mascara
and shadow.

This morning I dreamed three times of waking up to three different versions of
the same resurrection text. When I actually woke up, my phone screen remained
empty.

Our plan was to meet at _Café Safran_ at 15h. Majo let me know she would be
arriving late, so I purposefully missed the bus. She was the first one there and
got us a table. The place was a little Iranian café. Majo was sitting right next
to the entrance, by the corner of three joined tables.

_Long time no see._

I sat right in front of her, after placing my red puffy coat on the back of my
chair. Lavi was not replying to texts. She had some extraordinary news. At 3h
she had shared her live location somewhere in Griffintown.

We continued our conversation from yesterday. This afternoon Majo was more
direct and confrontational. She had mentioned before how she believed Clara was
emotionally unavailable, yet, after this week, she no longer thinks she is doing
me good at all. She is giving me breadcrumbs and I, in her opinion, deserve much
more than that.

On her end, she has continued talking with Aliza. She wanted to set boundaries
telling her to take some time to focus on her new relationship and learn how to
manage her time. Aliza did not seem to understand her intentions, which led them
to go around in circles for several messages.

We shared two different types of tea, had our own meals, and were finishing our
dessert by the time Lavi joined us. She updated us on this guy she's been seeing
since last year. It was not the same guy she went on that date with on November.
That one, apparently, had a girlfriend he failed to mention. With this one—whom
she met around the same time—it had been a very slow burn. Until last night, in
a date very similar to the one I had on my return to Montréal, they had not even
held hands. They went from no contact, to cuddling, kissing and having sex.

They have plans to see each other again Wednesday.

Majo and I put up to date a bit to Lavi about the situation on my end. She
suggested for me to text her again saying something to the like of _I see you
are not interested, then_.

I considered that an even worse idea to the ones I had discarded.

In my mind there were three possibilities following my intended plan of not
reaching out again. First, I could not hear from again. That would be a stark
contradiction to what has happening until now. In my head that seems the least
likely. Second, she can reach out with a text apologizing for not reaching out
with one of the reasons she has used plenty of times like now—similar to my own
text last week disguising my intentional silence in the clothes of a busy
week—and continuing the conversation. Third, and lastly, her eventual response
is also an apology, but for abruptly ending the conversation and our unnamed and
uncategorised relationship. Up to this point, none of the options give me hope
or calm.

The plan came up of joining Shub at his house. I considered the idea, but ended
up deciding to come home instead. We walked in different directions. I got to
the metro station and purposefully took the wrong train. I wanted to sit down in
the metro for as long as possible, as if riding the orange line would be the
meditation I needed to come up with what is it that I want—either what I want to
do, or what do I want to get out of this.
