---
date: 2025-02-10
word_count: 843
reading_time: 3.2
epigraph: le tomó el doble de días, pero, como jesucristo, clara ya resucitó
epigraph_attribution: Sofía
city: Montréal
dates:
  - ". (Lab's Movie Night #The-Neuro; @Clara apologizes for not replying.)"
people: ["@Majo", "@Clarizard (Clara)"]
tags: [Friendship, Testosterone, Dysphoria]
events: [Fading-Clara, HRT-crisis]
notes: |
  Explored the friperies and looked around St-Valentine cards.
  Parallelism between my night of January and Lavi's previous night with her date.
  Majo starts disliking Clara. Majo talks about the (ending) friendship with Aliza.
  After declining on going to Shub's house, I took the long way home.
---

# Monday, February 10th, 2025

> le tomó el doble de días, pero, como jesucristo, clara ya resucitó

— Sofía

---

After sleeping late for most mornings, it was particularly hard to get up today.
Nothing particularly important was on my phone screen when I turned off the
alarms.

There are still revived remnants of masculinity on my body. It is not that my
libido has been higher than before, but for the past couple of nights, I have
been masturbating before trying to sleep. My orgasms are still not dry; by the
morning my underwear is soiled. Like a teenager, I feel disgusted by my own body
functions. My facial hair is more spotty and grows faster. The lone hairs appear
much faster in my chest, and there is a faint blacker tint on my belly by thin
and barely-visible body hair. In the middle of the night, barely conscious, I
can feel half erections. My body is mine, yet it feels so foreign again.

Around a week ago the estradiol vial started moving in the US postal service.
This weekend it got to customs, from where it has not moved still. Last time I
chatted with my mum, she asked me if I had started injecting myself with the
hormones yet. She also told me how Doña Cande felt hurt by the actions of her
nieces and had decided to cut contact with some of them. Also, Nymeria was
getting better after dislocating her jaw. For a week she had been eating only
wet food.

Mondays are days of lab meetings. Since most Tuesdays I stay at home for
therapy, I decided to force myself to get up this morning and go to the office.
Whether I had an idea or had completely forgotten about it, today was also the
scheduled date were the new grad students organized the first installment of the
lab's monthly(?) movie night.

I decided not to buy breakfast and just brew my morning coffee. I left my
apartment later than usual but still at a reasonable hour. The 144 departure was
not soon enough, so I walked from station Sherbrooke station listening to my
iPod.

There is this habit of my phone to locking itself in a working do not disturb
mode when I get to walking distance to the MNI. It happens when I pass the
hospital museum a couple of streets north of Parc av.

I made it to my office. My boots were dripping wet when I started untying the
laces. I exchanged them for my black sneakers waiting for me on the plastic mat
by the door. I put my gloves inside my beanie, which I hooked by one of the
holes of its sewing to the coat rack by the door. My purple coat went over it.

I emptied my pockets and placed its content on my desk before finally sitting
down in front of my computer. I disabled the working mode of my phone, and
_Clarizard_ jumped from the bottom of the screen. _How are you?_

I swiped up to read the message that had come in around 15 minutes before.

`Clarizard > So that was a very busy week (and I didn't even finish my work for
Friday yet), I'm sorry I didn't reply I really thought I did`

This time, her apology did not take me off guard. Nothing in her text was
surprising other than the fact it had finally come. It was as if by waiting so
long for this moment, I had unintentionally convinced myself of its
improbability.

I was not relieved. I remained just as confused as I had woken up. I reached out
to Majo with a screenshot of the two green text bubbles. She asked me what I was
going to do. I could not answer her—nor myself.

I had told her the night before, around midnight, that I would take a day off.
For the next 36h until my therapy session of Tuesday, I would do nothing. I
would not reach out to her nor think about the situation. Were she to text me
back—just as she ended up doing—I would not text back until after that arbitrary
goal-line?

My argument, when I laid it out, seemed convincing. No discussion nor counter-
arguments. Still, when the time came and the messages arrived, neither of us
held it up against myself.

`Majo > Omg` \
`Majo > So now what?` \
`Majo > Too many moving parts. Wey yo le respondería`

We talked about it. I could say how I was worried—which I was—and ask her to see
each other. No discussion nor counter-arguments from my end, either.

I did the first half, but held off on the second.

Walking home after watching Kiki's delivery service, I drafted in my head how I
could invite her to come watch Before Sunrise with me this Friday after work.
Moments ago, I confessed to Majo how I am unsure about it, because of the fear
of reaching out again, and receiving a no for an answer.

Maybe when she replies—if she does it before the end of week
