---
date: 2025-03-05
word_count: 1063
reading_time: 4.1
epigraph: &poem |
  No llegaré a saber
  por qué ni cómo nunca
  ni si era de verdad
  lo que dijiste que era
city: Montréal
people: ["@Majo", Emily]
dates:
  # TODO: Separate this Emily with the Catfisher
  - date: 2025-03-04
    context: "I meet with @Majo and @Emily at Thomson. Dinner with @Majo at #Greenspot. Another sleepless night."
    people: [Majo, Emily]
    locations: [BAnQ, Thomson House, Greenspot, Station Peel]
  - date: .
    context: "I don't sleep. I go from missing @Clara at 1h, to wishing her good-riddance at 5h. I work a full day at #The-Neuro."
references:
  - content: *poem
    source:
      title: Ya no será
      author: Idea Vilariño
      type: poem
tags: [Mania, Testosterone]
notes: |
  I meet/talk more with Emily and realize I don't like her.
  Majo and I remain afte Emily leaves. She suggests I am in a mixed episode.
  They kick us out from Thomson after it closes..
  We have dinner at Greenspot (have we been there before?)
  I read all the IG conversation with Clara. I go from missing her to not caring.
  I go to work after a sleepless night.
---

# Wednesday, March 5th, 2025

> No llegaré a saber \
> por qué ni cómo nunca \
> ni si era de verdad \
> lo que dijiste que era

— Idea Vilariño

---

It was around 2h, or maybe 3h, when I realized I had not taken my
antipsychotics. It was not until this realization that I became overly aware of
the thumb ring on my right hand. A missed signal.

Hours before, the night started. I was already in bed, feeling the full weight
of the night pressing my chest.

I wrote to Majo, fully knowing the confession would go unread until after the
sunrise.

`Sofélia > im not ready to let her go`

I cannot start today's entry from the morning. This day began much earlier.

I finished writing at the library. I had done enough to feel sufficiently
productive and leave. Majo was at the Neuro. She told me we could meet at
Thomson at around 17h or 18h. If I left just then, I could get early, sit down
somewhere and read alone until Majo would arrive to join me. That seemed as a
viable plan. I took my stuff and left.

I took the 24 bus and walked uphill to the graduate's house. I got inside and
searched for a place to sit. Without realizing it, I chose the same room where
Majo and Emily had been seating for quite a while. I recognized María, but was
unsure how busy or available she was for me. I waited for her invitation to join
them. Still, I approached them slow and cautious, as if they were savage animals
ready to devour me.

We stayed at that table for much longer than I had imagined I would. When I
planned my solitude reading, I considered ordering myself a small glass of
cider. I thought back to my crisis this past Sunday, and realized it would not
be the best idea. One of the first words that the pair of friends addressed at
me was the missing context of how they were celebrating Emily's candidacy exam.
That should not have been enough, yet it convinced me to step up and start the
journey to the bar and get myself a Moscow mule to fully join them.

I am unsure how long Emily stayed making us three at the table. I remember it
was more than what I would have wanted. There was something about her that I
found exhausting at first and outright annoying as the night progressed.

`Sofélia > me recordó a la actitud de muchos hombres that put me off of having
male friends`

After Emily finally left, Majo and I remained. We talked about Sunday, how
normal it was for me, how worried she should have been. We kept the conversation
about the possibility of me starting a clinical episode. She brought up my
erratic behaviour recently; reaching out to Kath after longs months of silence;
the exchange of nudes with Gaelle; my recent outbursts of irritability.

The night carried on around us, until the waiter came first to let us know the
kitchen was closing, then to cry out the last call, and eventually, to passive-
aggressively tell us, the only remaining two people sitting, that they had
closed.

I was not ready to get back home. Just as we entered _Station Peel_, I asked
Majo if she had eaten. Her last meal had been a basket of mediocre wedges. I do
not remember if I had eaten anything at all myself.

We realized the number of places open was quite limited being a Tuesday night
approaching 22h. She humoured me. We each looked for potential dinner spots in
our own phones. We ended up going to Greenspot. I continued my vegetarian streak
by getting a poutine, and she got a much-larger-than-expected hot-dog.

We entered accompanied by a worry of being unwelcome due to their imminent
closing. We still left before 23h, marking what I thought would be the end to my
long day.

At 1h, I missed Clara. A Deep and aching yearning, much heavier than what would
be appropriate for such a short time—talking about the silence and the potential
total of days we saw each other.

After realizing my missed dose of psychotropics and the later conscious decision
of skipping it, I lowered down my pajama pants with the intention of aiding my
sleep with masturbation. There was also a second indirect goal of confirming my
new dose of hormones was working. I struggled to complete my first purpose
paradoxically achieving the second.

By 3h, I opened Instagram and decided to read all the message we exchanged on
them after the night Clara and I met each other. I suspected it was a bad
decision. I expected it to further press down the bleeding knot in my chest.
What happened took me off guard.

Around 4h30, or maybe 5h, I was starting to realize I would probably not sleep
at all. There was a newfound sense of euphoria. It was a fresh calm; rather than
resignation, a content satisfaction. Out of nowhere, I read the messages we
exchanged over the new year; those subtle nudges of affection, awkward gestures
of reaching out, gentle questions about planning. I did not find any potential
point where the feelings could have evaporated. There was no sign of when it all
went downhill. I thought about our second to last date, the laughter over
dinner, the hug in the metro, the fleeting uninvited kiss. How could I worry I
would never see her again? Who could really believe this was the end?

And even if it were. Even if she grew uneasy by my clumsy approach to the talk
about commitment, by my rough yet vulnerable sharing of my hurt and
disappointment, it would be her loss. Foolishly she would be throwing away
something glorious and beautiful deeming her unworthy, both of it and of my
melancholy.

I stood up with all the energy of somebody who had slept—not just anything, but
a full night. I washed the dishes. I showered and changed my clothes. I took my
stuff and went to the office. There was nobody at 7h30 when I opened the door
and let myself in. There was nobody still at 17h40 when I closed it. I left
finally starting to feel the weight, both physical and emotional, of what
happened, both this energetic day and this past gloomy week.
