---
date: 2025-01-11
word_count: 960
reading_time: 3.7
epigraph: |
  "haha you got me there; although be warned that i might take this as permission to let my corniest side out"

  "Please yes"

  "you've become my favourite notification"

  "now stop making me smile like this"
epigraph_attribution: Sofía & Clara
city: [Montréal, Philadelphia]
locations:
  Philadelphia: [Philadelphia Airport]
  Montréal: [Montréal Airport, Station Jarry]
dates:
  - date: 2025-01-09
    context: "@Clara texts me about the playlist and asks me to meet the next day."
    locations: [Philadelphia Airport, Montréal Airport]
  - date: 2025-01-10
    context: That January night.
    people: [Clara, Louis]
    locations: Station Jarry
  - date: .
    context: "@Clara wakes me up and leaves in the morning. We forget about the negatives."
people: [Clara, "@Dr-Perera (Hashana Perera)", "@Dr-Franck (Franck)", Louis]
events: [Dating-Clara, HRT-crisis]
tags: [Date, HRT, Meds, Drs]
notes: |
  I made appointments with Biron Lab, for D. Franck, and am informed of Perera's maternity leave.
  THAT night.
---

# Saturday, January 11th, 2025

> "haha you got me there; although be warned that i might take this as
> permission to let my corniest side out"
>
> "Please yes"
>
> "you've become my favourite notification"
>
> "now stop making me smile like this"

— Sofía & Clara

---

I was sitting in the waiting area by my gate on the Philadelphia airport. After
barely sleeping on my red-eye flight, I felt melancholic, nostalgic, and easily
irritated. I looked at my phone screen as Clara's notifications kept appearing
one-by-one, on which she was thanking me for the playlist I made for her titled
_Heartbreak hits for middle-aged women doing house chores_.

`clarabelais > i hope you have (had?) a nice trip back!` \
`clarabelais > also are you free friday night?`

I made it to Montréal after three—or was it four?—weeks in México. Passing by
immigration, instead of just waving me in like other years, they sent me to the
_Immigration 1_ room. It was not the same one where I had to present myself 4
years ago in order to defend my application for a study permit. It took me
around an hour and a half of waiting and explaining to the officer how in a PhD
I don't take courses nor have grades.

Exhausted, not long after arriving to my place—thankfully already clean—, I
succumbed unto my bed and put an end to a long two-sided day.

I decided not to go to the office and stay home. I had to call the bank to solve
the issue about the mistakenly disputed charges that lead them to blocking my
credit card; call to the Wellness Hub to schedule an appointment with Dr Franck
to renew my soon-to-expire prescription; call the Biron lab to schedule an
appointment to get my blood drawn since apparently there are no more
phlebotomists at McGill until further notice.

I solved all of those issues before discovering an unforeseen one. As I tried to
schedule my follow-up appointment with Dr Perera, the woman on the other line
informed me that Dr Perera had taken her maternity leave. A different doctor
would be taking over my medical needs in the meantime, or, if needed, you will
be referred to somebody externally.

I remembered when I learned that from the eleven doctors that work at McGill,
only the absent Hashana was willing to see over HRT of trans patients.

I had my rescheduled meeting with Louis and talked about the plans for the
following weeks.

Clara had proposed me two options for plans for last night. The first one was a
chill night at a games pub where we could drink some beers. The second one was a
readaptation of the one I had proposed before our departure, a night of wine,
pizza and winter socks.

I met her, again, at the exit of Station Jarry. This time, as a bookend of her
goodbye kiss outside my apartment back in December, I went to kiss her mouth
before hugging her. We walked back to my place talking about my adventure in the
airport.

She brought me two bottles of wine, one red and one white, and a fridge magnet
of Rouen.

We spent most of the night lying down on my couch, in a close conversation
interrupting the mix of songs that kept playing in front of us by YouTube. As
the night went on, and we kept refilling our glasses, we got closer to each
other. By midnight, she was fully reclined on my chest, wrapping the arm of the
hand that caressed her thigh with hers as if they were snakes.

"Obviously you can stay the night," I offered her, after several times through
the night I flinched as she started talking, fearing she would let me know of
her departure.

We did not move to my bed until after 2H.

Clara asked me if I had a side of the bed. After I answered, she picked the one
facing the window.

We changed in front of each other without modesty nor desire. I noticed her
tattoos on her arms and thigh, and that she was not wearing a bra under her
sleeveless gray undershirt. I lend her the white leggings that I bought during
my trip.

Under the covers, I continued reaching out to hold her. We both fell asleep
without kissing a second time.

Around 4H, I got up and went to the restroom. Not much later she echoed my
actions. I heard her hit the couch in the darkness and asked her if she was
alright as she got under her covers again. I invited her in my arms again. I
started by kissing her cheek. Maybe it was two times. I reached her face and
pulled it to mine. I kissed her lips. The first one lead to the second which
lead to the third; with each new one being charged with intention and desire. I
repositioned myself on top of her. We were kissing almost desperately before I
asked her if I could take her clothes off.

In the morning, I heard her whisper, "Sofi." I woke up and looked towards her.

She informed me she would be leaving in 10 minutes. She sat up with her back on
the headrest. I moved with her placing my head above her left breast. She
continued holding me and pulling lone curls of my hair as I slept for the
remaining time I had with her.

The alarm clock started sounding, and she used that as a signal for her leaving.
I walked her to the door of my apartment. I returned to bed and slept for almost
all the remaining daylight.

I went to pick up the traveller's notebook I ordered yesterday. I passed by
Metro to get some groceries.

I might be getting sick.
