---
date: 2023-06-29
word_count: 1522
reading_time: 5.9
---

# Thursday, June 29th, 2023

I might have walked home this route for the last time. I got a text from Laurie
confirming that they will not take the bed and the rest of the furniture before
the fourth. Tomorrow is a holiday, so I can stay home guilt-free and spend most
of the day putting my clothes and stuff in the suitcases in preparation for
Saturday. I had thought about texting Didier to ask him the time I can pass by
to pick up the keys and give him the cheques. I feel nervous to start writing in
them and messing up. Walking by Hôpital Victoria I felt a familiar sense of
anguish thinking that the cheques I ordered a month ago from a private company
will not work.

Last night I considered doing the words, but felt too tired by the pills I took
an hour before. I went to the lab for the first half of the day. Waking up I had
regretted buying the tickets for the lesbian-queer-trans happy hour thing at
Ping-Pong Club.

I came home at 5 and tried on one of the pleated skirts. It did not close around
my waist. I considered wearing the other black skirt instead.

"Should I wear pants or a skirt?", I asked Alda.

"Dress", was her one-word reply.

Aliza asked me if there was a dress-code and I dismissed her telling her I was
going to wear cargo pants. I was not convinced by Alda, yet I put out the red
dress from my closet and tried it on. I wore make up and braided my hair.

While I was working yesterday, Monica asked me to look up flights to Montréal
for her. I procrastinated from working on my posters by finding differently-
priced ways of coming to see me: directly from Los Angeles, from San Diego with
a 6-hour layover in Las Vegas, making a stop in Vancouver.

After being disappointed last year with Monica's empty promise, I let myself get
excited thinking about all the stuff that we could do in the week she would be
here. Mid-planning, I postponed the initial search a week, so it would lie on
the same week that I am off from French classes.

"Pero estaría en mi bday contigo, perra, yass."

The plan was to arrive at the bar at a quarter after seven. Aliza told us that
she was running a little late and thus would meet us there. When I checked the
schedule for the 144 bus, the app said that the next one would pass in 60
minutes. We walked towards station Guy-Concordia. Alda made a stop at Coco-bun
and got herself a baked hot-dog and a lemonade.

At station Berri-UQAM, Aliza asked us where we were after I had told her Alda
had made a stop for food. Maybe we could meet at station Rosemont. Aliza herself
was one station behind us. We mounted the same train she was in. We walked
throught the wagons until we met with her at the very front.

Just two days before, Aliza had returned from her trip to Mexico. Today, in the
couch, Alda mentioned how she does not think that her relationship with Ali will
last long. I do not know how long they have been together. Do I agree with her?

From the metro station we talked the same bridge Alda, her friend Abby and I had
walked years ago going to Notre-dame-des-quilles. Just like that experience,
Ping-Pong Club was a disappointment. We got in and sat in a booth. Most people
were there in groups and, like us, stayed with their companions. I kept glancing
at the two or three girls I noticed had arrived alone and were sitting by
themselves distracting themselves with their own glasses. By the time we left,
all of them were talking to people. I did not know if their friends caught up
with them, or they were approached by strangers. I felt happy for them.

I told both Alda and Aliza, at different moments, that my ex would possibly come
to Montréal in a couple of months.

We decided to grab dinner before heading home. Alda found a place for dumplings
that was close to our home. We considered ordering an Uber, but decided to ride
the metro instead. We got there and asked the man at the entrance if he had any
tables available for us. He looked around for some reason before telling Alda
that it would not be possible. "Just take-out".

We ended up instead getting Pho from the place we were going to order from when
I was with Rubí and Cynthia a couple nights before. The three of us ordered
large bowls. I ordered the classic all-dressed pho. Aliza got herself one with
just well-done meat. Alda went for the spicy beef and pork soup. I was the only
one who finished hers.

When we were in line to pay, Aliza showed me her phone with a tweet from Sof
Poiré. I asked her if she knew her. Before she could answer, I continued:

"Have I told you the story about my three-way kiss?", I asked her.

"No..."

"Or the story about the time I kissed another Sofía. Well, she's that Sofía."

I told her pieces of the story of how I kissed her and her ex before they were
even together. I told her I would tell her that story later. She asked if she
could share it with Ali. Later she would tell me how she started following Sof
because of me. Because of Sof she saw the tweet that was offering the job she
took out of the master's.

I finished the posters and sent them to the coauthors for their comments.
Without anything else to do, I started to work again on the two papers that I
keep avoiding. I did not have much to talk about with Louis for our meeting, so
I brought up a subject that, like my papers, I kept postponing. I asked him when
should I start working about setting the ground for my post-doc. I had just
asked him to confirm that he had done his in France. He was at Rennes. Monica
lived in Rennes. I told him I personally did not want to move and would rather
stay in Canada. Do I see myself living in France, though? I remember fondly the
days I spent in Spain. At least the first half of them.

He told me he could start introducing me to people at the conferences. I have my
work to speak for me, and we could see about doing some collaborations. I feel
like those lonely girls milking their drinks surrounded by cliques of lesbians
and queers in laughter. I do not know how to start the conversations. Were not
for the Swedish undergrad who approached me in that mixer in Glasgow, I would
have spent the rest of that conference by myself.

Will I get to meet again some of the people I made acquaintances of in Glasgow
or San Diego? Would they remember me? Would I?

Two nights ago, when I finished my words, I saw the news for a new feature which
allows for the reparation of a missed streak by doing double the words. I was
just about to finish for the night 500 words before this but decided to
continue. There has not been any notification or proposal giving me the option
for that. Will I continue for another 250 just for the possibility of it? What
else do I have to say?

Am I feeling better? For months, I have not written anything. I feel empty
inside; both my body and my mind.

One day, walking towards the station Guy-Concordia I shared with Alda my idea of
stopping my medications. It is neither the first time that I have considered it
nor that I told someone else. Am I asking for their permission? Do I want them
to convince me otherwise?

I was almost going to complete a double-day without making any mention of
dating. Last night I told Aliza how I have been growing as a person and thus
stopped giving nicknames to the women I see. I set a date to meet Noémie next
week. Cheekily I told her I could pick the time, and she could pick the spot. A
day before I can ask her to confirm.

I had been talking to Marion, too. She picked up the conversation asking me
about my weekend. I confessed to her that I had only a vague idea of how she
looked. She was in the same situation and could not refresh her memory since she
had deleted her Tinder. She asked for the name I had on Facebook, so she could
remind herself how do I look. After looking at it, she told me I was just as she
remembered me. I told her how when we meet, it would be her responsibility to
approach me since I would not recognize her in the crowd. We joked about it and
the conversation got to its natural end again.
