---
date: 2023-06-27
word_count: 1091
reading_time: 4.2
---

# Tuesday, June 27th, 2023

I woke up in the early morning, but decided to stay in bed. I covered my head
between the pillows as I usually do after turning off the alarm and deciding
that I will not go to the office. In my mind it was just the beginning of the
week. No pending tasks.

Saturday I hung out with Alda. She dog-sitted for her sister and her brother-in-
law. We had made a bet about her not being able to follow through and commit to
watching the movie Primer. I owed her a Poutine that we ordered to be delivered
at her sister's. We smoked and watched television. What did we watch?

Rubí and Cynthia came to Montréal that same Saturday. I met them the next day.
The plan was to grab a coffee at Olimpico and catch up. In my head it would be
an informal meet-up of an hour or two at most. It ended up being a full weekend.

Still tired, today I got up at 11 in the morning with the false promise that I
would finish the two posters that I barely touched. I brewed the last portion of
grounded coffee beans and came to sit down in the living room. Ridden with guilt
from procrastination, I stumbled upon a TikTok about therapy and remembered I
had a session early this week. I rushed to my calendar and saw the past event of
my appointment with Calli at 9 in the morning.

Sunday morning Rubí texted me about meeting. No, I texted her how we had not
agreed on a time. Planning changed, and we decided to meet in The Gay Village. I
found them without needing to text them. They were talking with a man, Latino,
in front of the bar they went to the day before. Cynthia was with Rubí. I met
Cynthia at Rubí's wedding in San Diego, 5 years ago. Cynthia would later tell me
how that day she had talked to me about being sad from the rejection of a man
after he realized she was pre-op. I am not sure if it was me with whom she
talked that day. It could have been Melissa.

From there we walked to Old Port. We took pictures in front of *La Grande Roue*.
In particular, Rubí really liked the picture I took of her in front of the
Wheel. It is now her profile picture on Facebook. *Of course, she's a
photographer*, she would tell her lawyer friends hours later when we were having
dinner in *Caffe Un Po' Di Più*. We rode the wheel and walked around the port.
They told me about Cynthia's surgery last year. Sex Reassignment Surgery. Months
ago, I read a tweet about how that name is a euphemism. Is sex being really
reassigned? It is really a Genital Reconstruction Surgery. A vaginoplasty, more
precisely. No. Like the doctor told Cynthia on that same day before the
procedure, the surgery consists of three distinct operations, an orchiectomy, an
extirpation of the tissue inside the penis followed by its inversion, and,
finally, a vulva construction. Three hundred dollars costed the surgery. It was
covered by her insurance.

We met Alma and Amanda outside the Café. Alma asked me if we had met before
since my face looked very familiar. The place would not open for another 15
minutes. Cynthia needed to pee, so we went to an Italian place nearby and sat to
order a round of tequila shots. When the time was ready for the reservation we
went back to the restaurant. We were the first party to be seated. We had
dessert at Chat-colate, where Cynthia got herself a cone of ice cream and the
rest of us shared a crêpe. When we went back to the table after ordering, Amanda
was crying. The next day Alma and Rubí would talk about her. Rubí asked her if
she was taking any medication. Alma asked her to not tease her about her
drinking.

We sat at the terrace of Bar Henrietta and ordered beers. I had been to that
place before. Was it one of my dates?

When we were sitting by the port, Rubí asked me again if having the operation
was something I wanted. I told her that I did not know. After seeing Cynthia's
brand-new vulva, I knew even less.

Back at their apartment, we talked about Cynthia's operation. She had showed me
the pictures after her surgery at the Caffe. Rubí noted how the waiter was
looking at us possibly disturbed. Did I worry walking around with Rubí and
Cynthia about being clocked? Rubí talks about how in her program she is not
read. Am I read as trans in mine?

Cynthia turned off the lights and gave us a glimpse of how her body had
recuperated months after what was shown in the pictures.

When I left, Rubí ordered me an Uber home. They were almost offended by my
intention of taking the bus.

The plan for next day was to climb the mountain. I sent a text to Rubí when I
woke up, and we planned to meet at 11 at the monument, like Alma had suggested
at the terrace. At 10:15 she texted me they were on their way. I got there
before Rubí and Cynthia. I saw Alma sitting there but decided against
approaching her. I met them after I saw Rubí and Cynthia arrive.

We had breakfast at a place nearby. I ordered a burger, Rubí and Cynthia got a
breakfast platter and Alma just had coffee. I found the waitress particularly
attractive with her brown hair and light eyes.

Later in the day we went to Alma's house. She has three kids and a husband.
Today I confessed to Alda how, after feeling uncomfortable with my silly crush
on her, I also felt some sort of attraction towards her husband; both of them
easily in their forties.

At our own terrace, after I talked to Alda about Rubí and Cynthia, she brought
up the bandmate or friend of Lucas who is "trans also". She mentioned the pre-
transition drugs, spiro, like the dragon, and the name of their disc being
girldick.

I texted Laurie-Eve about her moving-in date, specifically if her offer to come
in later was still available. I sent her some pictures of the furniture and
agreed to leave the room on the 3rd. This will be my last week living with Alda.
I will probably end up moving out without ever telling her about me.
