# 2015 — 22 years old

## August, 2015

### Tuesday, August 18th, 2015

I'm not sure if this should be written in my native language or in English. The
first sentence is there. The words are like little insects who run away after
turning the lights looking for them. I guess this would let me practice my
English. I haven't used it for more than a phrase since being out of the
country. And now, like shooting stars in the barely-moon-lighted night sky come
flying to my consciousness.

I don't know if I can keep up with this. I don't get how I can talk for an
entire hour every week in the couch of my analyst. How would that be? Being
paid for having a glimpse of my mind: my feelings, memories, regrets, pains.
I should know, that's for what I am studying for.

The music is playing from my earphones. The familiar whisper of an Irish
musician. I remember—barely—the last times that I came to this website.
I listened to this same kind of music and let my mind wander through the
thoughts of that same girl. The idea that I'd not love her forever would have
been unimaginable. And yet, I don't. I hope I don't. It would all be better if
I didn't.

But I do.

I'm with another person. I should be happier. If it would all depend on her
alone, I would be. She's kinder, happier, more comprehensible and caring. The
only thing she is not is her.

But that's not the reason. I am also not the same person. I am not the same man
loved by one and befriended by the other. It's been more than year since our
relationship ended for the first time, and almost one since the last time we
definitely broke up. It's barely more than a week since our relationship
evaporated completely.

And she's been here with me. Since the very beginning. Even when I left and did
not came back, she stayed.

I don't deserve her. I didn't even appreciated it until recently. I don't
deserve a lot of things. Maybe I do deserve some others.

It would be a lie to say I don't think this is some kind of punishment. René
said that I know now that it is something that always has been, as if that were
some kind of consolation or a reason to feel better. That it's something I've
carried all of my childhood and youth was the reason I stayed hidden in the
darkness of my room, covered by the sheets and crying my soul out.

He didn't think that giving medication would be the way to treat my sorrows. He
had wanted to try something else, something that I could control. I guess that
didn't work.

Thursday he offered the pills after I declined going to a support group. I did
the relevant courses; I have the professional background. I, more than anyone,
should be familiar with the notion that psychiatric medication is not the
devil. That antidepressants are not a sign of weakness and their secondary
effects are not lethal.

Yet, I declined again.

"That's not the medication I want", I said.

And, they're not. They really aren't.

I never would have imagined I'd said it. Not yet. I also said that I wasn't
ready. I'm not; I know now.

He said it. I'm not like them. That's why I don't want to go to a support
group. I don't want to be part of a whining club of transgender girls. I don't
want to be the reference when a second-class sexologist who doesn't know the
right distinction between sex and gender talks about their trans girls
patients.

I don't want to be a transgender girl. I don't want to be transgender.

I am not a girl. I am not a boy, either. I don't know what I am.

Why would I want hormones if I'm not transgender? Why would I despise and hate
the image of the mirror if I'm not a girl? Why would I prefer dying over
staying in this body if I'm not broken?

I do know what I am. I am broken. I am weak and small and needy. I am hurt and
in pain. I am lost, confused, desperate.

I am a boy. I am a girl. I am transgender. I am depressed and suicidal. I am in
need of help.

I should take the pills. Take the helping hand, the offered crying shoulder.
Dysphoria is hard and heavy and I have the weight of depression on my
shoulders, too. I don't know where one ends and the other begins.

What if the medication doesn't work? What if I ruin that, too?

What if I can't be helped?

### Wednesday, August 19th, 2015

Another night, another sleepless night on which I have to hide from my
nightmares and my pain.

I read the words that just came from my fingers and I can't help but cringe.
They sound like the stuff I wrote during high school. I feel just like I felt
when I was there. I missed Monica, too. I hate her now. Or, I wish I'd hate
her. I don't want to need her, to love her. If I hate her I can forget about
her and move one. She can't hurt me if I'm immune to her words and her actions,
or the lack of them.

It sounds as if my problems were nothing more than the loss of my fucking high
school sweet-heart.

I went out today. This evening should have been like the many before it. Sunk
in the blues and rose from the deep with the help of alcohol and sex. It didn't
work this time. Both were good, as good as other times, maybe even better, but
it was all the same. The thoughts came falling down like missiles from
airplanes, crashing to the ground of my mind and exploding, destroying
everything in their reach.

Who would miss me if I die?

I fucking hate knowing what I now know? What's the use of knowing the signs if
I can't do anything about them? What's the point of knowing that it's the same
intrusive thoughts I had when I was deep in depression? What do I care if they
are not based on reason? They are real to me. I can't judge an emotional
thought on reason alone. I don't know if it can be done. I just know I'm not
capable. It wouldn't be the first thing I'm not able to do.

I do know one thing I didn't know back then. I can pinpoint the cause of them,
the cause of it.

This should have been the point where I started writing about that cause, but
I can't. I don't want to.

I'd prefer writing about a little boy. A young, innocent child playing with
a ball. A red ball with a big star on it's side, bouncing on the grass with the
child running behind it, his laughter echoing. Without a single worry in the
world, having fun, being happy.

Have I had a single moment like that during my childhood? What's the point of
asking that question? Maybe I did—of course I did—but I can't remember them.
All of my childhood memories are nothing but signs of why I am broken.

The ball bounced too high. The glare of the sun blinds the kid when he looks
up. Where did the ball go? His big and shinny eyes scan the horizon. His smile
reaches the end of it's lifetime to never be seen again.

What's a ball but an insignificant toy? It should be replaceable. Yet, it's
not. It doesn't matter how many more toys they give him to replace it. It will
never be the same. He could have as many balls as money can buy, but they won't
be that ball. What was its color again? Did it have a star or was it a moon?
It's not a ball anymore, it's a memory.

And memories can be fake.

When the boy reaches young adulthood and goes to therapy and starts vomiting
his thoughts, memories, dreams and fears, he will talk about that memory, his
favorite ball. Maybe then will he realize that there was never a ball in the
first place. He never lost it, he never had it.

What's the ball? It's not a toy, it's not a memory. Is it a dream? Is it the
symbol of an unconscious desire, wanted but lost? Or is it just an allegory
inside a fucking story told by a depressed and insomniac person?

I can't even tell a fucking happy story anymore.

I lost count of how many times I cried today. I asked about the point of
talking to Monica several times before. In that same way I doubt the point of
wearing those clothes again. Why bother when they're nothing more than
a disguise? They are a mask that doesn't cover my identity. I used to feel
better wearing them. It felt correct.

Now it hurts more when people still see me. But they don't see me, do they?
They see the old mask.

The thing is that they don't see me even when I show it.

### Thursday, August 20th, 2015

"Don't you get tired of watching the same thing all the time?"

"Don't you get tired of being in a bad mood all the time?"

If she could only knew. _Yes_, I wanted to say; to scream. _That's why I'll be
taking medication for it soon._

I didn't.

There are a lot of things I want to say or do that I don't.

What would she think? What will everyone think?

It's not something far far away. At the same time, it could be another thing
that never happens.

René have said things before like that. It's not been the first time he has
mentioned medication, psycho-pharmaceutics. The time before, he discarded the
idea. _We should try something first of which I have control._

Does he think I'm not able? I'm a failure or incapable.

No, that's a myth regarding medication that I should have thrown out since the
firsts semesters. I can't help but feel that way.

How ironic, the mere idea of taking antidepressants makes me depressed.

_That's not the medication I want._

Is it cheating if I keep writing the same words over and over from every day?

A lot of times it has happened that exact thing. I am an expert of losing the
streak; initiating something and leaving it behind and forgetting it.

What have I not started... If I continued everything that I started I would be,
by now, a musician, an athlete, a polyglot, someone with knowledge of
electronics and programming.

There are things, though, that I have finished. I did went away. I lived, and
studied, in Europe. I'm finishing my degree.

_It was the best of times, it was the worst of times._

I have been my saddest and my happiest on the last few years. On my time in
Spain. I was the loneliest and fullest of people. Can you call the people near
you _friends_ if they don't really know you?

Today Catherine and I found the information of a Master degree in Vienna.

Yesterday I received an instant message from Consuela.

This morning after showering and shaving I opened the conversation in my phone
with Johanna and started typing a _Hello_, but stopped and deleted it.1

"Have you talked with the other flatmates?" Consuela asked.

I haven't. The idea hadn't even crossed my mind.

Should I feel guilty? They were like my family. I said it myself. Had I lied?
Or am I betraying my own word?

She asked, too, if I have finished my degree. Almost everyone from the people
I met have finished theirs. Brazilians, Puerto Ricans, Italians... the
Spaniards. Even the other Mexican from my class. Eusebio, Jessica. The other
people who went abroad, too... Almost everyone but us.

We did lose a semester, and everyone who knows tells us the exact same thing.
_But it was worth it, wasn't it?_

And it was, I don't say it's not. But, I don't know...

I missed them, I miss Salamanca. I miss my bed and my room and mi view. I miss
missing the people in here, and this house, and this city.

When I saw the Austrian master, everything was perfect. It couldn't be better
except if it were free and asking for Mexican psychologists.

It's a multinational, multidisciplinary master program which asks of no
professional or research related experience.

Cognitive sciences in universities from Central Europe. Fewer than 800 euros
the year. Even less expensive than the ones in Spain. 24 months.

That's when I stopped smiling and the dream evaporated to take me back to
reality. I'm not normal. I'm not "me".

Taking the master would imply taking 24 months of being like this.

Even when chatting about it with Catherine. It all stays. I try to ignore it.
Stay in the fantasy, dream, avoid waking up and just keep talking about our
time there, and the scholarships and our flat and experiences and everything.

"What would happen if only one of us were accepted?"

I avoid the question.

_Shut up, don't bring me down to our shitty reality, don't take this away from
me. Just close your eyes and stay here, there._

Madrid, Granada, Vienna, Buenos Aires. Yeah, it's easier getting a master
there. Sure, it's more expensive than the ones from here, but they're also in
Spain, Austria, Argentina...

René once asked me why I wanted to go away.

Why, indeed? From what am I trying to escape?

The last time I went away my problems accompanied me.

Sure, they hid from me for a while. But I came back, and they came back with
me.

That _me_ has been with me this whole time.

That _me_ is something antidepressants don't cure.

### Friday, August 21st, 2015

I went to therapy yesterday. I asked for the medication. It's something that
I should take, a help I need.

I am scared. What if they don't work? Or if the secondary effects are worst
than the main one? What if after the pain inside me is gone, nothing is left?

He said they maybe could help make me see things clearly.

Am I confused?

I had a dream today. Something with vampires, maybe. I was part of the people
who were unaffected. We were escaping. Maybe we were working for a cure.
I remember feeling afraid, persecuted. Looking in a room where there was a bed.
My brother was inside and a stranger with him. He was asking my brother some
questions. I don't know if he answered them nor what they were about. I just
remember seeing the gun and wanting to scream. For some reason, I could go back
in time; do something so the events wouldn't unfold that way, maybe warn him.
I did and it didn't happen. But I stayed paranoid. I took a gun for myself and
kept it with me all the time. I already felt threatened with the vampires and
now I had to be questioning the humans too. I remember the fear, it was like
a part of myself. The gun became another limb of my body. A killing limb.

I woke up. It was the first time all week I felt rested.

What if I don't really need the medication and it all goes away? Maybe I should
just wait.

But on the other hand, what if in the wait I end up killing myself?

Is it really an option? Doing it? Would I be capable or is just an empty threat
I ended up believing it myself?

What if all of this is something I made up and just don't remember?

"Now you know it's something that has always been with you", René said.

Today we saw Eusebio and Jessica.

I wore the pants. Catherine's pair pants. The last pair of underwear. All week
I have worn only women's.

After the shower I put on the clothes and shaved.

Yesterday happened something similar. I put on the clothes but the shirt and
stepped in front of the mirror to shave. I had the gray bra on, and looked at
the reflection of myself wearing it.

It still feels weird, awkward. As if it doesn't fit.

I had to put on the shirt, but then I wet it with the shaving soap so I had to
take it off. It was a cycle with no end. I don't remember what was it that
I ended up doing, but I shaved.

Today, I just put a gray undershirt over the white bra. It still showed, but it
was bearable.

What was not bearable was the frustration of dealing with my facial hair. No
matter how many times I pass there still remains hair. Be them small ones or
really small ones, there still shows something. It doesn't matter if I take my
time and do it really really careful, or if I make more passes over the same
place there still shows the sign of what used to be there.

"And after I shave and look at myself, several hours after, there still is
a shadow no matter how close I go or how many times I cut myself. I get filled
with rage and impotence and I just want to claw at my own face and take all the
skin off"

I still get nicks and cuts. I don't want to see anything. I want it gone.

After seeing them, and eating in that usual place, we went to _Intro to
Thanatology._

We got paired up and asked to do some role-playing.

We prepared ourselves with a relaxation exercise. Zayra gave us some little
notes with the role we should play. I was the therapist first.

I did active listening, asked questions and made interventions. I did well.
Andrea told me about the changes she's been through, her losses. Her grandma,
her boyfriend, her phone. I listened and empathized.

It was my turn and I opened the paper. It said I just broke up with a several
years relationship who wasn't just my partner but my bestfriend and the plans
of our future were gone. I knew I wasn't feeling well with the rupture.

I talked about Monica. I surprised myself. I told her, I confided in her. And
I felt sad. And I felt really angry.

It turned out Zayra had used our own situations, but exchanged authors.

We should experience what was having someone with a problem similar to what we
are going through.

I didn't notice.

Her paper said:

_You are going with several changes in your life, and you can't bear them. You
don't know what to do. You are lost. Your future is vague and uncertain and you
feel that something inside you is broken._

### Saturday, August 22nd, 2015

There has been several years since the last time I brought my laptop to
Mexicali. The first times I always would. It was a novelty; I had to make use
of the portability of my main computer.

Then I started to notice how I would keep bringing it but never use it.
I started to wonder why should I carry the extra weight. So I stopped.

Yesterday, I didn't know if I wanted to come. The last two times my family
came, they didn't bring me with them. Last time, because they asked me to take
Miguel to a party. Now, I had a reason to stay. I could have stayed with
Catherine, kept working on our research, been alone in her house while her
mother were in class.

I don't know what was it that made me want to come.

I had missed coming from the United States. I can't really identify what
exactly is it that I romanticize. The convenience store with a subway in it,
the one next to a gas station in the middle of nowhere. The road, maybe?

We arrived. It is the birthday of my uncle. Everyone said _hi_ to him and
hugged him. I didn't. I just passed by.

There were a lot of people already. More and more faces. Everyone smiling.
Saying _hi_ and waving. They were expecting me to get close to them and kiss
them on the cheek; to smile and be happy.

I tried. I really tried the first times. But I failed, like everything I do,
apparently.

I got close, I said _hi_ and gave the kisses. I smiled the first times. By the
time I got in the house I just waved. When I arrived to the dinning room,
I just smiled and went straight to the bathroom.

I sat on the toilet and took out my cellphone. It was like those times in
Spain. Whenever I felt bad I would bring out my phone and type in there. The
first months were messages to _Chris_, to Catherine. Then they were notes to
her; things I could send her later—I don't really know if they were really for
her or for me.

It was Yesterday, I think, when she told me that she went through her own
notes. She read them and went through the memories. Some happy, some sad. Some
stated the time—the timezone of Tijuana and another one of Salamanca.

And then she arrived to one, a special one. In it, she went on narrating her
day, how she felt, her therapy; what her day was. All of it as if she were
talking to me. When I knew of this, I got a strange feeling in my stomach and
a familiar one of sadness.

In this restroom in Mexicali, I typed in my phone how it had been a mistake and
I should had stayed.

I cried a little and then went out. I just sat in a corner, within myself just
looking around, hearing, and feeling the storm inside of me.

On the way here I remembered about yesterday. What I talked with Andrea. How
I feel about Monica. That text on the paper.

I'm not going through the breakup in a functional way. I feel anger, almost
rage. I feel hate.

I'm not sure if I hate her or me. Was it her fault or mine?

Who the fuck cares?

We talked a little about it.

_Maybe it's that you should have felt it a lot sooner? And that's why you think
it's not 'right'?_

But that's not it. I don't mind the breakup, I don't care that much about
losing her as my girlfriend. I hate her because I lost her as a friend.

A lot of times she has asked me if I love her. If I miss her.

I don't love her.

Do I miss her?

Months ago, I did. A lot. But now?

Sometimes I open the phone or the laptop and expect her texts. I wait for them.
Sometimes I do look for news about her. I want her to contact me. I wait for
her, so whenever she does I could avoid her.

I want to know that _she_ misses me. I want her to need me, so I can deny her.
I want to make her feel the way she made me feel.

I hated whenever I made her cry. I still remember the nights she cried because
of me, I feel them like scars on my body. Like tattoos that make me a monster.

I forget the times she made me cry. They're the times I was weak.

And now that I am weak, I want her to feel weak, too, and I want to be the
monster.

Monsters aren't weak; they are scary not afraid. They are evil and harmful, not
the ones being hurt.

### Sunday, August 23rd, 2015

I just woke up and I don't want to. I want to go back.

I'd prefer haven't needed to get up; just stay with my eyes closed and my mind
lost.

I'm tired. My body aches, my soul hurts.

We came home really early, by 9h we were already out of the house and in our
way. Jack in the box was the restaurant where we had breakfast. I wanted this,
I wanted to be home early. Not losing my weekend.

Except I lost it anyway.

I didn't make anything of the things I had to do. Sunday was lost. Even
yesterday, too. My whole weekend.

Even trying to find words to type is something unachievable. Every little thing
in me is out of energy.

I see the little counter down in the screen, going up one by one. Slowly,
really slowly. And it still feels like it's faster than me.

Sometimes I have the sensation of my thoughts shooting so fast inside my head.
Like speed trains in a station coming and going without stopping for
passengers. No one knows which one goes where; from where they're coming nor
where they're going. You can't even count them.

But now they are dragging. The station is empty. Not a single one is seen. And
there it comes; you can see one coming far away, barely catching form.

I don't know what do I expect. What is it that I want. I feel as if I were
typing the same thing over and over. The same word again and again. Repeating
my self. Every same train, going in circles, entering and exiting.

_Am I broken?_

Not even half of the text is done and I want to give up. I want to forget about
this, stop again like I did years ago. Stop everything, give up on everything.
Not just the text, but eating, sleeping, going out. Just stop living.

Do dead people get hurt?

I miss her. I hate her, but I miss her, too.

I was so afraid of losing one of my friends. One of them, and that's what
happened. Was it something I did? Do I actually hate myself, blame myself? Was
it all my fault?

Does she feels the same? Does she misses me? Am I one the things she remembers?
Am I something to be missed or a regret?

Am I pathetic?

The same fucking thing over and over. Someone should take my tongue away.
I feel anger whenever I don't feel sadness.

I know why I feel sadness. Towards what do I feel anger? To whom is directed?

Is the anger poisoning me? I want to scream but I don't have a fucking thing to
say. Nor someone who could listen.

Sometimes I feel like the loneliest person in the world. Sometimes, like
yesterday, the sight of other people makes me sick.

I saw a picture of her. Standing against the back of her nephew, saying how big
_Mr monkey_ was getting. Her smile was showing. That same smile.

I read these words and I feel nauseous. Why do I have to write of her like
a teenager? It's not love I feel, I'm not infatuated with her stupid smile. Is
a stupid, common smile. It does not have anything special. A pair of lips and
some teeth thrown inside. Her hair, her face. She's not beautiful, she's not
special. She was just my first.

I don't want to fuck her. I don't miss her naked body or her hands on my body.
I don't really miss the nights in my car sharing the darkness and listening to
the radio. It's not like I miss the intimacy and the feeling of freedom of
expression I had when I was with her.

It's been more than two weeks, and I don't get why I keep counting the days.

I feel like and addict keeping track. But what do I win? What happens when
I get to a month? What do I win reaching 100 days?

How many more nights before I really forget her? How many for me to forgive
her? How many more until I can stop needing her?

I showed myself and she's gone. Is she gone or did I send her away?

No, it's not my fault. I can let this become the same thing again. I won't
blame myself for her mistakes. She was not this perfect angel.

I'm not, nor haven't I been, the devil. Even if I feel like I'm burning inside.

### Monday, August 24th, 2015

It was during Christmas or around that time. One of those days of the season.
I was in Mexicali, in the house of my aunt and uncle. Nobody was outside
anymore. The pool wasn't finished yet, I think. Everyone was inside waiting for
midnight or watching a movie. I'm not sure if we were already talking or if the
call took me by surprise. It was her. That, I knew before I answered. Her voice
was an expected pleasure. I can't remember how many days or weeks were since
the last time we've seen each other. She wanted to talk, I took the call
outside.

She told me how she went to the United States. Barnes & Nobles was one of the
places her parents took her. She had seen the perfect gift. She narrated it, as
if it were something magical. How she saw it, how it was perfect. A little
notebook, like the ones I love. She looked at it, held it in her arms. There
was a drawing of the world in the cover, like an antique map. I had to have it.
She had to buy. Except she didn't. Whether it was expensive or her parents said
no, I don't remember. It was the perfect Christmas and farewell gift. Or it
would have been.

I did receive a journal, but it didn't have a world in the cover and it wasn't
from her. It was indeed the perfect gift for me,  the perfect farewell.

I never forgot about that call, that journal. Why didn't she buy it? Was that
the reason?

I went to Spain and came back. We broke up and made up and broke up again.
A lot changed. But that journal stayed the same in my memory as when I found it
in that store.

She was going to France. Christmas was coming up. Maybe it could be the perfect
gift for someone, so I bought it. _I always give the perfect gifts_, sometimes
she would say. I just had to give it to her when we met. I'd give it to her as
soon as I saw her. She could open it later. She had to have it with her in
France, no matter what.

Except we didn't meet. We had plans, but they died. We made other ones and they
died, too. Not a single plan of meeting survived.

She had promised she wouldn't leave without us seeing each other. She would not
leave without saying goodbye. It was another promise she didn't keep.

She left. But the journal stayed; wrapped with a little note inside. For months
it stayed with me, hidden, waiting to be either given or thrown out.

She went and came back. The days, the weeks kept passing by.

We finally saw each other one Friday. I had enough. I was angry. Parts of that
anger are within me still, flowing in my veins like a poison that hasn't died
nor killed.

We exchanged some fake smiles, artificial hugs, a book, the journal and 15
minutes. She went again. Those were the last words we said to each other.

Just today I thought again of breaking the silence. Crossing the ocean between
us. Maybe I've been unfair. Perhaps she's right, and I'm the one isolating,
keeping her apart.

I finished taking my clothes off and went to the computer and saw that map,
that drawing of the world on the cover of that same familiar notebook.

A doubt blazed through my mind burning. Its edges poisoned with that sweet hate
and anger.

I wasn't sure. I hadn't open the wrap in months. But there it was that world,
just as I remembered.

A birthday gift. _The perfect gift_, Mallinalli, her friend, wrote in
a Facebook status.

I read both comments, the one written by her and the one from Monica. She loved
her and wished her the best. She would always love her so much.

And the world burned. And my mind screamed.

She wouldn't do that. It had to be another, a different one.

I still can't fully believe it. Three notebooks, three different gifts. The one
she didn't buy, the one I bought but didn't give, and the one she bought and
gave. They can't be the same.

I am the monster, not her. I am the devil. Her angel who fell. She wouldn't be
capable.

I'd prefer that she had thrown it out like she had discarded me.

But that's a lie. A part of me wishes that she did. I want those three
notebooks to be the same so I can still hate her; so I'd have a reason to feel
this anger; so she's now the devil and I can stop being the crying monster.

### Tuesday, August 25th, 2015

"And you, do _you_ have your dresses, yet?"

She looked at Eusebio and me, smiling. It's funny because you wouldn't expect
seeing me in the party wearing one. It's funny because I am a man; men don't
wear dresses.

It wasn't funny. I didn't laugh.

Catherine and I were in the car yesterday after returning from the cinema-cafe;
the same university parking lot where we opened up.

No, we have talked in both of them.

Catherine said to me, while looking at the roof of the car, how she had thought
about taking a second dress in her bag.

"Maybe you'd want to wear it after the party, when we've came back to the
hotel. Just the two of us."

"I'd want to, or you'd want to?"

She didn't know.

She did imagine us that way. Before, from way before.

She doesn't imagine me in a suit. I didn't remember how I looked.

I remember how I felt. I remember her crying, going away and me staying. A lot
of times we would walk away of everything and everyone, but expecting the other
to follow. She did follow me. I remember her sitting and being with me.

I did a lot of remembering today. Maybe it's because of the situation. Seeing
that generation, our original class.

One day when we were leaving the school, driving down the boulevard,
Catherine's car was right behind and the memory of the hospital came back to
me. I was driving when the phone rang. The tears were clouding my view. The
lights were red. I picked up the phone and saw her picture and name. I was
angry but not with her. I was sad but not because of her. I still threw to
phone to the back seat and kept driving. I looked at her in the rear-view
mirror the same way I looked at her today when she was waving to the car behind
both of us, the car where Eusebio and Jessica were.

Why was I crying? The memory was of that day in the mental hospital I had to
walk to the parking lot. I had a knot in my throat, water in my eyes, and
a voice screaming in my head. I can't remember the date. It was after a lot and
before a lot. Everything was coming back and I felt lost again. Was I angry
with me?

In two days it's Eusebio's and Jessica's graduation. A day later will be their
party. I feel anxious.

In two days I might get my _anti-suicide_ pills. If they are for me not to get
depressed and wish to die, wouldn't they be _life-pills_?

Yesterday we saw a movie about memories. Loneliness was the protagonist.
I cried. I've seen it several times—the first and last I've cried. This was my
last and it was her first.

The movie starts with a voiced letter addressed to Chris. The depressive and
judgmental ex-wife is called Catherine. Samantha is the name of the OS.
Theodore is the avatar of myself.

We saw it in the same place we saw another of my favorite movies, _Mr Nobody_.

I'm mistaken, it was not. It was before the cinema changed locations. Eusebio
met us there that day.

Do I cry with that movie, too?

There hasn't been a day without me writing and entry. This may be the first
time I got distracted. Maybe it's the first step of procrastination. This may
help me later. These could be entries of a journal. More days to pass to the
physical notebooks.

I haven't filled the last weeks in my calendar. I should ask Catherine for
hers.

As much as I get uncomfortable sometimes—like today when she arrived and walk
to my back and whispered _Sofi_ in my ear before hugging me; even though I like
it, I don't—I like reading my name in her book.

Reading how she _picked her up_ at noon and remembering her waiting outside my
house in her car, and welcoming me with a smile as I open the door and sit.
It's me who she talks about. It's my name written in her book, and engraved in
her key. It's my body and face in our pictures. But it's that same person the
owner of the name? Are all of us the same? The one in the pictures, is that the
same person everyone sees when they see us together? If they're not the same,
which of them am I? Which is the real one? And is the other one not real? Then
what is it? She? He?

Yesterday I saw my mother doing the dishes and felt this _need_ of hugging her,
in silence. Let the silence share with her my pain and my secret.

Would she listen? Would she understand?

No.

### Wednesday, August 26th, 2015

I woke up today with the same weird sensations that started when everything
fell to ruins. That same strange feeling; not really a dream, but not something
grounded to reality, that I had a couple days ago.

I couldn't describe it to Catherine. I was—am—embarrassed.

A feeling of desire, a wishful longing but for what? It didn't have words; it
didn't had images. It was just, femininity, maybe? Just, seeing myself, or
knowing, expecting something ordinary. Longing for a routine I don't keep. Or
one I do, but it's not normal.

When I told her she asked me, _what images_, _dressing myself how? with what?_

I couldn't answer. I can't. I just wanted it.

I Knew I had to wake up, get out of bed, pick my clothes, shave, get dressed,
and go to school. Something I do everyday, but not in that same way.

I told her of taking both pieces of female underwear and clothes with me to the
bathroom. Putting on a dress after drying myself.

It wasn't exactly that, but it was the best example I could think of; something
that would be easy to understand.

I do shower everyday, I do wear two pieces of female underwear almost daily
now.

Somehow it was different. Then, it was something normal, expected. It wasn't
hidden or something I didn't want it to be.

There was that, too. Even then, I totally comprehended that it wasn't something
that other people would see as normal. I just didn't care. Maybe people would
stare or ask questions. But it wasn't an issue. My want was more important. It
was something immense, powerful. It filled me and embraced me.

And then I woke up, and of course I didn't wear a dress or a skirt or anything
obvious. Maybe there was still the same want that has always been. It wasn't as
imposing or big. It was just there; hidden, itching, and hurting, but in
silence.

I said—thought—a week before. The reason I wouldn't want to wear those clothes
anymore. There's no point in the action. What's the purpose of disguising
myself if everyone still recognizes me?

Or the inverse, why should I show myself if everyone just sees me as the mask
of a disguise.

No one sees a difference. They see _this me_ painted as _that one_. A mixture
of colors that clashes in chaos.

I'd prefer to abhor the feeling of looking as man than the hurt of still
looking like a man but in the wrong clothes.

I'm familiar with that kind of pain. I'm used to it.

No, that's a lie. I know of it, and it is less. But I can't take it anymore.

Anyway, that's the conclusion I arrived at then.

Until today, after that same nightly sensation that woke me up full of it.
I was going to wear the light skinny jeans. I was going to use one of Miguel's
shirts.

That sensation wasn't the thing that woke me up. Mum and Luis were.

That's why I can't keep my eyes open. I got up before 8h just after they left.

As the dream, I took the clothes out of the drawers and closet: underpants,
bra, undershirt, leggings, and shirt.

I didn't care of both kinds of pain. I wanted to wear them.

Catherine would come to pick me up at noon and take me to the Moroccan café. _I
could be me_ was a thought that stayed from the night.

And I wore the outfit and left the house dressed like that.

Again I shaved as close as I could without being enough.

Again I looked away from my own reflection as I escape from strangers' glare.

Why did I do it? I was doubtful; she liked it, I liked it. Did I look alright?
What thoughts crossed the strangers' minds as I passed by? Did they notice me?
What do I prefer?

I would have to change clothes. I knew it since the beginning. I was not going
to class like that.

I told her how Psycholinguistics is the class in which it's more possible for
me to go dressed like that. Not today, not soon.

I read the words I've written and I can't put a voice to them. They're mute.
They have no meaning.

It's the same narrative of every day.

I thought about my session tomorrow with René. I told him once how I would
imagine what would happen if I didn't say a word and just spent all my hour
crying. And I saw myself, with my face drowned in tears. Today, I imagined my
session again like that, except that instead of crying I would only scream.

### Thursday, August 27th, 2015

Half a pill daily for the next three days. After that I can take the whole pill
once every morning.

The towels weren't dry yesterday when I was going to put my pants in the drying
machine. I switched them when I got out of bed late at night because I couldn't
fell asleep.

6 hours, maybe, was the time I slept. I had an alarm at 7h and another at 8h.
The meeting with René was going to be at 10h. I wanted to shave, and do it
well.

They woke me up again; their screams did. It's like every morning Mum and Luis
have to be just loud enough for me to wake up.

No, not today. Today I woke up before that. It was earlier, and I turned off
the first alarm. When the second played, I turned it off, too, and blinked.
When I opened my eyes, ten minutes had passed.

Last night Catherine asked me to wake her up. I forgot.

Again I was disappointed with how I ended after shaving. It pains me, literally
and figuratively, doing it everyday, but it's worse to not do it.

I want to scratch the whole skin off.

I put on the clothes I selected yesterday and tied my hair up.

René arrived after me. I thought he had forgotten the pills, but he didn't.
I don't really remember what I said to him. Maybe something about tonight and
tomorrow. Maybe about March and _my_ graduation.

I'll take half a pill for a couple of days, and the whole pill daily after. He
gave me like six boxes of them in a plastic bag.

I met Catherine at the children's hospital. We waited an hour maybe for the
class. A couple of our classmates were arriving later, one by one.

Gabriela, one of our, now, current generation, asked us something about or
social services. We started telling her about our time at the mental hospital.
After that we talked about or time abroad. There were several of them around
us, listening to what we were saying and asking questions. They were listening
to what _I_ was saying; I was the one who talked the most.

Do I like to talk to the people? I like telling this. Narrating those days from
start to finish.

When someone starts telling something I experienced as well, I worry that they
will ruin it. It won't be the same. Maybe they'll miss something important or
they won't say that thing first that makes the later thing sound more
impressing.

Maybe I do like being the center of the conversation. Just as I told her
before, I liked being noticed.

Maybe that's the part of me that hopes, even if it scares me, that someone will
notice and ask. Whether Eusebio or Jessica feel the band of my bra when they
hug me, or my parents seeing the pair of leggings that were now on my bed after
I took them out of the drying machine.

We drank tea and ate, I burritos and she a chicken salad.

We waited looking for Spanish recipes until we could enter and observe the
neuropsychological consultation.

After that, we went to the university. It was good time. We ended up picking
good seats. We are not part of this graduating class. Their godparents are not
our own. Their speech does not refers to us. We're not with them even though we
are.

Why should I go to the graduation? We won't even be seated together. I'll have
to walk when they call up _that_ name and pick up a paper that means nothing to
me. I'll have to be in pictures I won't ever want to look.

Tomorrow it's the graduation party, _their_ party. The one that should have
been our own. We'll be guests and I'll be in a suit the whole night.

No, not the whole night. Catherine told me later, when we went to her car, why
she really offered me her dress.

It wasn't because I'd maybe want it. It was because she does.

She wants, even for while and it being just us, to look at me, at us, and
experience the moment how she imagined it; how she thinks of us.

I told René it's not really something I want. But maybe it is.

### Friday, August 28th, 2015

I don't think I can make it today. Today is already tomorrow. I'll be out until
saturday. I don't know how I'll feel.

### Saturday, August 29th, 2015

Yesterday was their graduation.

I don't have the energy to write about the whole thing. A lot of things
happened, so that's not the reason. It's that I don't want to.

I know I wrote yesterday before going to bed. The next morning after sleeping
just a couple of hours, I woke up and showered and shaved.

Part of me liked the idea of being in a hotel after the party dressed as we
both imagined should have been.

I was going to write how I took the pill. It wasn't after showering. It was the
first thing I did. I cut it in half and swallowed the small white portion.

All morning until it was time to leave I felt the same. _Maybe there wouldn't
be any side effects._

Catherine messaged me that her mom hadn't returned. I offered to pick her up.
It was early and the class wouldn't start until 13h.

The effects didn't kick in until we were driving to school. I gripped the wheel
and felt a sudden flash of rage. I was speeding. My eyes narrowed. I was maybe
going 110 km/h when she screamed my name.

I slowed down. I don't remember what was it that happened next. Probably
I drove slower than normal. She turned down the volume of the radio and asked
me what was going on. I just shook my head.

I started getting agitations and headaches for the rest of the day.

I didn't volunteered for the role-play during the Thanatology class. I just
criticized, like I always do.

Everything went to shit.

The class ended and we drove back. The hotel was expensive so we went to the
purple one by her house.

She asked for the room and prices. It was more expensive than what we thought
the other one would be, but it was reasonable.

We climbed the three flights of stairs to our room hidden in the dark end
corner of the corridor. It was smaller than our usual ones, but it was ours for
the whole night.

We put down our stuff and lay down on the bed.

We started changing and putting on our clothes. At first I felt normal, it
wasn't that I liked it, but it was nothing. I looked at myself in the suit and
could see that I looked _somewhat good_.

The tie we didn't like so I left it. The coat didn't close right so I left it
open. Maybe even from the beginning, I saw it didn't fit.

Catherine would drive my car so I could drink carelessly. After that morning,
I didn't want to be in front of the wheel.

My head continued throbbing and my arm sometimes trembled.

My car started failing halfway.

At first I just told her not to accelerate. Later, that wasn't enough. I took
over the driving seat. By the time we were near the 5 & 10 street, I called
home to ask my dad if we could exchange cars.

We passed the venue and went straight to my house. I almost got lost on our way
back.

I started to feel that same anger and frustration as in the morning, but we
arrived soon enough.

We saw Jessica, then Paola and finally Eusebio. They took pictures. I smiled
for them even though I wasn't feel well. It was hard, and painful.

Eusebio looked good, his suit did fit. He was happy, Jessica as well.

The food had cheese in it. The drinks did more harm than good.

They went to dance and we stayed. She stayed with me. She was the one who
answered when people asked us if we didn't dance, or why we were not there.

She had told me we could go if I didn't feel well.

When Eusebio came to tell us to stand up and go, I couldn't take it anymore. We
left without saying good-bye.

I felt guilty but I didn't want to give excuses or feel like I had to explain
myself.

I drove back to the hotel and asked for our room. I mumbled and gave the wrong
number. When Catherine corrected me, the woman looked at me with scorn.

"I didn't hear a word you said", she threw at me.

Painfully, I repeated myself louder.

We climbed the same number of stairs. I took my clothes in the opposite order
I had put them on and with exact the opposite emotion.

I told her I felt guilty; I had just acted like Anahí. Anahí at least had the
decency to not go at all.

What was I thinking? I saw everyone happy and dressed beautifully. I felt
miserable and ugly. In my eyes, I am miserable and ugly. And broken. Sick.

I send them a message telling them I didn't feel well and that I was sorry.

I broke down crying in the middle of the night. She hugged me.

Later in the night her hug turned in to me kissing her cheek. Then I went for
her lips, and then we had sex.

In the shower I felt sick. My head hurt and my sight was blurry and the light
hurt my eyes.

She held me as I fell asleep so I wouldn't get lost in my fears and sadness or
ending wandering alone in my nightmares.

### Sunday, August 30th, 2015

Today it was another one of those days. I haven't showered. I didn't shave.
I avoid the reflection in the mirror. Most of the day was spent on my bed.

I can't remember when exactly when I woke up. The first time was maybe at 8h in
the morning when I received Catherine's answer to the question I asked before
falling asleep.

I returned back to slumber and didn't open my eyes again until almost noon.

I swallowed the pill and had breakfast. Not much time later, I came back to
bed. 15h I got up again...

My grandmother just entered the room and walked all the way to here to wish me
a good night.

Why do I feel angry with her? What has she done to me?

She offered me food today and I ignored her. I've blamed the depression before.
_Irritability is one of the symptoms._ Is it really that?

I feel as if she will hate me. She will deny me. Why should I care for her if
she will hurt me?

She hasn't done anything, but in my mind it is just a matter of time.

When my father saw me before asking me why was I dressed like that and his face
was full of doubt and a glimpse of repulsion, I told René I had expected to
feel bad. It was something that I feared, that I knew would make me sad. But it
didn't.

Why should I care? Everyone will reject me in the end, what difference does
another person make?

Today it was my third day. Sundays are some of my lowest days. From this that
I feel, what comes from the pills and what comes from me?

Now I do feel sick. Before I had doubts that I didn't deserve the diagnosis of
depression; my problems were less, insignificant, imaginary. Even after René,
even after he acknowledged them. That didn't matter. I had just convinced him,
the same way I convinced myself. Even after he mentioned the pills. What if
they don't have any effect on me? Maybe my problems would go away naturally and
the pills are something unnecessary. I would waste them in me.

After the first one, while I dressed myself and prepared, I kept thinking how
I felt the same. But now, three days later and after a whole weekend, I do feel
the difference.

I feel worse.

He warned me of this period where I should expect secondary effects. Cabrales
taught us how when initiating a treatment, the first weeks the patient feels
even worse than before.

How ironic that the first days after treating it, I am finally sure of what
I can't do, of how broken I am.

I feel sadness and anger. Are they the same? Are they muted or covered in
a veil? Or are they naked and potent?

The first sessions René said to me how I was _emotionally anesthetized and
behaviorally numbed_.

Being shelled in my own emotions is something that I've always done. Twenty
years of repressed emotions broke up, erupted and burned me. I am now melted.
I am now disfigured from it. What am I?

What the fuck am I? Who am I?

Will I know eventually? I knew, I've always known that antidepressants won't
take that away. _Maybe they will make you see things clearly_, he had said.
Will they, really?

_Are dreams a lie if they don't come true, or are they something worse?_

Whenever I see the notification of one of her messages a little picture pops
up. I see her and something inside me burns. I'm relieved that she still knows
I exist and then I feel a sudden burst of anger.

I see _Catherine_ as her name, and the fire dies off, but it leaves me burned.

I asked her to change her picture. She did, but I don't know how long will it
take for the little lying square to change.

She now put one from the party. One in her dress and her two hands raised at
the height of her face. She smiles because she's happy.

But she wasn't. She talked about that with Jessica yesterday. She explained
what happened the first five minutes and they talked for the next hour. They're
closer now.

I am isolated. It's normal now for me to go without saying good-bye. It's
something expected.

I am the ugly and broken doll. The crying little toy.

Catherine cares for me.

She shouldn't. I shouldn't let her.

Maybe she'll get tired. Maybe she'll go eventually. Like Monica did.

She's not Monica, even though their pictures looked the same.

### Monday, August 31th, 2015

Yesterday I looked for Monica again.

Instagram was the app I told her I had downloaded when she called me
a _faggot_.

That same app she downloaded herself weeks later when we were no longer
talking.

I searched for her and I found her. It was no longer just one picture. There
were two more. One of them—the last one—was an opened and empty wrapper of
a chocolate candy. The description said _I can't get no satisfaction_. The one
before was a selfie of herself in front of the mirror. She was dressed with
sports clothes, just before or after coming back from running. She was wearing
shorts or leggings—either I couldn't tell or I can't remember—and a pink sports
bra. She was holding her cell-phone in her hand. I can't remember if she was
smiling either. I do remember she had 12 _likes_. More than any photo I've ever
posted even though I have double the number of people following me.

What does it matter?

I decided today to delete my Facebook. I did. I had given it some thought
before but never actually done it. Now I had nothing to lose.

I hate seeing her—I absolutely hate having the impulse to look for her. I hate
seeing everyone's pictures and absolutely hate everyone's pictures of me.

Catherine told me to open Twitter again. I logged in, and opened everything up.
15 followers. 15 people interested in what I have to say.

Why would I write my thoughts if no one listened? I told her. I feel like
screaming from the top of a mountain and there's not single person listening.

So there. I did it. It's disabled. I can come back anytime and open it again.

Paola did it herself every summer. Eusebio did it just last month. I got angry
with him for doing the exact thing I did today. One from the handful of people
with whom I talk goes from the only place we interact. _That just shows how
much he cared._

No one cares. How many people will notice my absence? Until when?

I worry that Monica would get the wrong impression. She may look for me and
find an empty page, a void username, an error in the conversation. She may
think I deleted her; that I blocked her because I'm angry, because I care for
her and miss her. How would she talk to me now?

That's bullshit. She doesn't care. She won't notice because she's not me. She
does not look for me in Instagram and see my pictures and likes. She does not
open our conversation and count the days since we last spoke. She does not miss
me. She does not care what do I think. She's moved on while I'm back there in
that same place.

Will Eusebio or Jessica be the ones who notice? Maybe it will be Anahí.

Who knows, perhaps Melissa will want to talk to me and won't find me. I wonder.
And I get lost in the thought.

I do notice the parallelism, the simile. These are the same thoughts of
suicidal ideation. Who, indeed, will notice or care, and for how long, of my
absence?

I looked about the paradox of initiation of an antidepressive treatment. Why do
I feel worse instead of better. I knew it's normal, but I needed the
confirmation. _From 2 to 12 weeks until the start of the effects._

I feel anxiety and headaches. I feel tired and numb. I feel bad.

I talked with Catherine in Skype.

_Tell her, that I miss our little talks_.

I am the one she's talking about. She wrote that while I was in Spain.

I never noticed or did I?

Sometimes I get the impulse to open Facebook. Look at the news. Something,
anything. It's not like a search for something specific nor a care about anyone
in particular. It just helps me to feel less alone.

But they're not with me, they don't look for me. They don't notice me or my
absence. I am alone.

She left. She, who promised me love, left. Everyone but Catherine from the
seven, left. j We are two, now. From a group, a full generation, there's two of
us. Will she leave, too?

To whom do I go for consolation when she leaves me? Whose shoulder do I grasp
and wet when she tells me she doesn't love me anymore?

What will I have left but my own reflection in the mirror in an empty and
silent house? Just us. Even though we hate each other.

## September, 2015

### Tuesday, September 1st, 2015

Today is the first day of another month. A new opportunity to finish a complete
month, take the whole streak perfectly.

Just one day I didn't do it and it was because I didn't come home all day.

I have several things of which I could talk about. I could write a fictional
story. Or pretend I'm talking with someone, maybe how I would tell my parents
and what would I say, or maybe what I would say or do if I talked to Monica
face to face.

What is it that I should do? I don't want—can't—keep a diary. I lack the
discipline and the energy.

Today is the first day of September, and the first day I took the whole dosage
of antidepressants.

Will I keep the date? September 1st, 2015 was the day I took a whole pill of
Prozac.

Friday was the first day that I took medication, the day of the graduation
party from the class I should have been a part of. That will be easier to
remember.

I've been feeling worse.

Yesterday, I think, I said that the symptoms made me doubt about my own
depression. Now I see them in a whole different way. I feel them familiar; the
anxiety and agitation, they're not something new.

The lack of concentration and numbness and fogginess of thought that
I experienced Monday was something else that I, too, have felt before. Maybe
not in the same degree, but they're familiar to me. They're caused by
a decreased level of serotonin in my brain, caused by the stop of their
production process after the autoceptors notice the inhibition of their
reuptake. So, in other way, the biologically-caused symptoms I am experiencing
are of the same nature as the other symptoms I've experienced before.

I deleted Facebook. Will someone notice?

Catherine said today that Jessica tagged her in a picture with both of us.
I imagine she had looked for me and the name search should have came empty.

I read Catherine's biography today. The letter she wrote for her brother, too.
We've gone through a lot.

This all started with us going to buy tights. Everything came from a pair of
stockings. She gave me a pair of hers first. Later we bought them. Two pairs,
one for each of us.

It was around New Years' when we exchanged underwear. Then the first time we
went to the hotel—was it last year? Or was it before? I remember coming back
from somewhere when we stopped to buy hot-dogs and I saw Monica's email. The
e-mail in which she told me she couldn't keep being my friend, but she was
happy for me.

She's not my friend anymore, is she still happy?

I am not happy. I should be, but I am not. That has nothing to do with either
of them.

I wasn't happy with Monica, and that was the reason behind several of our
fights.

Why was I unhappy when she was around? She was my girlfriend, I should had been
happy. Wasn't she enough? I told her she was. It was me the one with the
problem. But was she, really?

It was weird, reading our history come to the point of my change.

Change? Did I change? Or did I notice my difference?

The change of name, the point where I was no longer a _he_.

I can't remember if she used any pronouns or adjectives before that point.
Maybe she avoided them on purpose; maybe my eyes were the ones who avoided
them.

And then it came to that point. The point where she stop seeing me as a boy, as
a he, as Iván. She started seeing me as a woman. Feeling me and thinking of me
as one. Calling me that name.

Why "that name"? Why is it so difficult for me to say it outloud or even write
it? It took me a lot to say it to René.

I haven't told it to anyone else.

She has. She told Yolanda, and Liliana, and Miguel, and Carlos. All of them
know it. Two of them use it when referring to me.

We've talked about telling Anahí, Eusebio, and Jessica. They won't use it. Is
that the reason why I haven't?

I have told someone. Monica knows.

I saw the message Catherine sent today to Carlos. She sent the picture of her
with my glasses and told him they were mine. _Sofía's glasses._ Her
girlfriend's. _Mine._

"We're not _boyfriend and girlfriend_" I told Monica.

We were, and are, something else.

Now I have no one to tell.

### Wednesday, September 2nd, 2015

No matter what clothes I wear, I'll always look the same.

She picked me up.

I woke up, again, by the sound of their arguing. Their high voices knocked on
my door and brought me from sleeping. I had my clothes ready, I had picked them
yesterday.

The light skinny jeans and a gray undershirt; the white bra.

I was alone by the time I actually rose from bed.

I did everything I usually do. I shaved and my face still hurts now, almost
a whole day after. I don't know if I do it wrong; maybe I use the wrong angle,
or I can't make a proper lather; maybe I try to go way too close. It's just
that the phantom traces of hair, even by touch, are something unbearable.

After all that, I put on the shirt I left outside the bathroom.

Back when I was a kid, I remember how I waited for the prefects to bring the
little papers that said we wouldn't have classes the next day. Those free
mornings, with the house all alone, were the times when I started.

I was excited for them, anxious. They scared me, too, though. I was afraid of
what it would mean, being caught.

I knew it was wrong. I snooped through my mother's drawers, her closet. They
were hers, private and intimate.

I was full of shame. I remembered, imprinted on my mind the exact layout of how
everything was, the precise length of the opening of the drawer which was never
closed. I would choose something and take it with me to the bathroom. I wore
it, embarrased, but I didn't look at myself. Not in the mirror, not even
lowering my own sight.

I didn't want to see, to know. I wanted to disassociate from the whole thing.
I loved it and that was something I couldn't bear.

By the time I was finished, I hid the stuff even from the reflection of the
mirror that was on the way back to putting whatever-it-was back to its place.
I hated it, then.

It was unbelievable, how mere seconds divided the times were I loved and hated
the exact same thing.

Back then, I assumed that wearing female clothes would be a secret that no one,
never, would ever know. Not a single person could understand. I'd had to take
it with me to my grave.

Even when I started therapy; even when René knew everything and asked me
directly about that, I lied.

When would I imagine how years later it would be something normal, that I would
have my own clothes. That wearing women's underwear would be part of my
routine.

I would no longer have to wait for the house to be alone. I'd just open my
drawer and choose whatever I'd wear that day. I'd take them with me, with the
rest of my clothes to the bathroom, where there they would stay until I finish
showering and put everything on.

How different, stepping out of the bathroom with a black bra hidden in my hand
from the judging reflection, to now stepping out of the bathroom with my hair
wet and the straps showing under the tank top until I put on a shirt.

Catherine came and texted me she was here. She says she really liked how
I looked. Monday with my short pants and long legs, yesterday with the pants
which reminded her of her own and the shirt she keeps thinking is Miguel's.

"And today, I liked the skinny jeans when I saw you stepping out. You didn't
look like a _woman_, but you gave that idea"

_I didn't look like a woman._

I don't, I'm not.

Do I try to? Why would it hurt me, then?

It's pathetic to expect to look like one when my body isn't one's. I haven't
changed a thing. My hair is longer, but everything else is the same.

People confused me before. But that is it, they were _confused_. It's
a mistake; an illusion. A distorted perception of both of us. Of them when they
see me as a woman; mine, when it feels wrong when they correct themselves.

The idea crossed my mind of wearing the leggings again, tomorrow. We will go to
the beach again. I wanted to wear them but I don't really know why.

I discarded the idea before. I don't know when or why it came back. Every night
that I have those weird sensations and longings. I didn't care that I would
have to walk and go to therapy, or go to the hospital to a class. I didn't
then, but do I?

### Thursday, September 3rd, 2015

"Did you kill yourself deleting facebook or did you kill Iván?"

"Maybe those are its side effects: loneliness and judgement"

"Is it as difficult to understand how they don't understand me as it is for
them to understand me?"

I saw René today. Yesterday I wanted to wear those clothes. The dark gray
leggings with a t-shirt and the long red sweater. I wanted to feel the sweater
flowing over my thighs with just the thin, clenching fabric between my skin and
the air that moved it.

I saw it in my mind and I wanted it.

Was it yesterday or was it today? I saw my face in the mirror. Not my face—what
I'd think my face should look like.

Just after getting out of bed, I took my clothes with me and headed to the
bathroom. I put them over the toilet and stood in front of the mirror.
A feminine face looked back at me. I wasn't sure. Some single hairs were over
her eyes. The rest fell around her fair face. Her skin seemed soft to the
touch, her sight tired. Her mouth was closed with full lips. I looked at her
looking at me surprised. We stayed for a minute, just gazing. I didn't want to
look away. I didn't want to not see her again. I liked her; I wanted her to be
me.

I felt happy and calm, and at the same time sad and impotent. I felt joyous
with the idea, the hope that someday I could look like that, be like that.

There will be a time when that would be the face other people would see on me.
I knew, deep inside of me I was sure, the moment I stopped looking she would be
lost forever.

So I moved, I smiled and went away. I left her like characters in one of the
cheesy, mediocre stories I used to write when I was a teenager.

I took a shower and cleaned myself from every bothering and uncomfortable
emotion. I shaved my face—the real one. All day it was hurting. It's as if it
were sensible, hurting that it's not really the face I want. Sad of my
rejection of it. Screaming for affection and caring and appreciation.

I'm like its unloving parent that hates it.

I walked with my male, regular clothes all the way to therapy. I sat and
listened to music until he arrived.

Some female pronouns escaped my mouth during session.

I talked about the secondary effects from the meds I've been feeling. The
graduation, the party. The times we've gone to the hotel.

I remembered I deleted Facebook and how I wondered what would Monica think.

"Catherine told me I cared too much about what she would think, and she has the
idea, from what I've said to her, that Monica doesn't think about me.

"And it's true. I was preoccupied with what she would think when she'd find
out, but the truth is she won't even notice; and if she does, she won't care.

"I didn't want Monica to think I'm mad at her; although I am... and I didn't
want her to think I hate her; although I do..."

I can't remember what was the last things we talked about. I just noticed
they're the first sentences that I wrote today.

Catherine and I went to class in the hospital. I entered the cafeteria and
ordered an iced chai tea. It came after Catherine.

We sat at the table and talked. I can't recall what about. She told me
something about Jessica, but we were already in the building waiting for the
professor.

After the class ended, we drove to the university. She would park her car there
and we would both go to the beach in mine.

She forgot her phone so we came back. I first stood outside the parking lot,
but, before she had returned, I saw the security officer walking towards me.

I entered the parking lot before he got to me.

We ate pizza, half of meats and half chicken and veggies.

We walked by the corridor. It's been a lot since the last time we walked there.
One man came and offered us a flower made of rope.

He looked at me as if I were the man and she were my girlfriend. Maybe that's
why I didn't even asked for the price.

Argana, the Moroccan café, was our next stop. We laid down on the cushions as
we always do, in the same spot. We ordered the same and hugged as always.

It felt different, better.

Differently she caressed me in her car.

And differently, too, I wet myself.

### Friday, September 4th, 2015

"All that he needed was to be seen, be noticed."

I cut myself today.

My white bra was on the pile of dirty clothes in front of my bed. Today's
outfit was the gray skinny jeans and a long shirt, underneath it, a gray
undershirt and the white bra.

It's been various days where Catherine has asked me which underwear I'm
wearing. Yesterday I realized I always deny her an answer with the intention to
tell her later but forget. Yesterday they were black with red dots. Today
they're all black.

She teased me once for wearing black and white. No, it was because of wearing
white under black.

I touched myself with an usual fantasy.

On the beach, I felt my face burning. I shaved myself with the same razor of
yesterday. It didn't cut well today. Not enough, anyway, so I kept at it until
I bled.

My desire to look acceptable hurts me and makes me look even worse.

I don't want any shadow to show and I end up with irritation and red marks that
signal the location of hair.

I woke up late and I enjoyed my sleep. There was a dream but I can't remember
it.

I texted Catherine asking her to pick me up. Later in the evening she mentioned
that when she drives me, we can't stay in the parking lot. I know that, but
I still like it.

Is it the feeling of depending on her, of being driven, or the submission? The
loss of control, maybe. I don't know.

The first class was _neuropsychological rehabilitation_. It ended by 14h. She
drove me to eat japanese food. It wasn't the usual place, near the technical
school, but the one by _La Postal_.

The next class was the practical class of _Thanatology_. I was nervous about
volunteering for the roleplaying. I wanted to, or part of me did, anyway. The
idea of exposing myself, though, letting them see my mistakes, and hear them
after talk about me made me uneasy.

We started with the case of a woman who had lost her mother. The idea is to
read several of these cases and make an inventory of the _do_s and _don't_s.

There was a role-play session, anyway. Then another one. Esperanza said the
last class that she would pass, so she was the first volunteer. Zayra
approached me offering me a little piece of paper with the words _do you want
to be the patient?_ following it. I accepted both.

I played a 30 year old man who had just suffered an accident and was in the
hospital being ignored and angry. She accompanied me, but I told Catherine
I felt like I had empathized more with her than she had done with me.

I thought and got frustrated with the idea that the character was so different
to me. Yet again, I almost cried twice talking about the similarities.

The character wanted to be noticed. To know that someone cared.

_He was the opposite of me. He felt he had to be noticed because he was so
important. I long for attention because I feel I am nothing._

Zayra observed that I said I was angry, but I laughed. I'm familiar with anger,
now more than ever, and yet that anger—his anger—felt so distant to me.

"How did you feel, Iván? How do you deal with frustration?" Zayra asked me.
"Your voice broke when you said you feel like drowning."

She confronted me with the idea that I don't ask for what I want. I want people
to be close, but I don't ask them. She told me to ask Esperanza to be closer.
She got near me, but that didn't do it. Our hands were within ourselves and
Zayra made us notice. She wanted me to reach for her, but I didn't. I asked
Esperanza to grab my hand, but I didn't like it.

Zayra made me look at the class and tell everyone that I didn't need anything
from them.

I did.

Maybe there I should had realized how it's not really what I feel. But I was
true to myself when I spit _Now I don't need anything of you_.

Because now I can't ask them what I need.

_Look at me, really look at me and notice me_ was what I should had said.

The next scenario was Cristian playing a young man who had lost his leg. He was
depressed and suicidal.

He was familiar to me, I could have helped him.

Zayra said that a good intervention could have been

_You see yourself as useless and I see a young man who feels so much sadness
and who lost a leg and his dreams._

I wanted to cry and didn't know why.

Later I felt identified with the idea of feeling like trash and losing your
future.

I realized, too, why their closeness and interest means nothing to me.
Esperanza talked with the character I played and Zayra talked with me. But she
really didn't talk with _me_, she was talking with Iván, the other character
I play.

They can't get near or noticed me, because they only see _him_.

### Saturday, September 5th, 2015

"No necesitas guardaespaldas: ¡Puros hombres!"

"Tienen la misma cara... ¿Son todos tus _hijos_? Ninguna niña, qué afortunada."

I woke up and took the pill. I sneaked unintentionally in the morning before
anyone was up for a glass of water.

I think I went back to bed. There were several dreams today, but only one
stayed.

I was in a college, but it wasn't the usual UABC nor the University of
Salamanca. In other dreams, even though everything is different, there is
a certain ambience or sensation to it that makes me recall a familiar location.
This time it was different. In the dream it was a known place, but it wasn't
neither of those two.

It was small, and indoors, at least two level. Most happened on the second.
I was in a classroom with Catherine. I think we were with Cerecer. Maybe it was
_research methods_.

When the class ended I exited the classroom but she stayed, she had to do
something and I lost her. I'd have to wait for her. It wasn't unexpected or
annoying. I just walked and waited.

Something happened with some boys; they were wearing scrubs and fought about
something. I can't differentiate what I remember from the details filled by my
mind after I woke up.

I think I remember the sensation of having a secret and not wanting it to get
out, known; the fear of being exposed and vulnerable. I looked for Catherine in
a small closet-like room. A place where, in my dream-memory, we would sometimes
hang out. There were sofas and a television or monitor. I had the memory of us
just sitting there and passing the time. It was cozy and private, maybe
a little like our spot at the upper level of the Accounting and BA Faculty. So
I passed by there looking for her.

The first time it was empty or busy. It's hard for me to think that it would
always be empty for us, or even that we would be allowed to use it at all.

After whatever was happening with the med students ended, I, again, passed bt
the room's window and door. This time the door wasn't totally shut. Two hands
with their fingers entangled hanged in the space between the door and the
frame. I knew those fingers. Maybe it was their graduation rings or maybe it
was just dream intuition. Those hands were Eusebio's and Jessica's. Their
welcome grabbed me from the door and invited me in with them.

They all smiled and were happy. Catherine, Paola, even Andrea. When I told
Catherine about it I said I saw Anahí, but I'm not sure if I really saw her or
missed her after waking up.

One of them invited me to lie on their lap. They all were sitting together in
the couch looking at something, pictures or a video, maybe just remembering
stuff. I can't remember anything further.

When I woke up, I felt something. I can't remember what. Was it sadness or
happiness? Was it nostalgia? I can't tell.

Luis came to wake me up and tell me to shower to go to the United States. He
lied down with me in bed and we chatted and laugh. He loves me. He admires me
and cares for me.

In the car he mentioned me that I'm such a loser that I think Birdo is a man.
Then he corrected himself saying that I believe Birdo is a woman.

He said the bit about the japanese manual and how Birdo is introduced as _a
confused man_.

_Silly Birdo, he thinks he is a woman and wants to be called Birdette_. That's
how they're introduced.

Would he still care or admire me if he knew?

Would he had missed me when I left for Spain if he knew about everything?

Will he still love me if I'm not his brother anymore? Would he miss _him_, the
role I play, more?

_Silly Iván, he thinks he's a woman and wants to be called Sofía._

We ate breakfast at noon in Denny's. We waited but not much. There was a girl
who didn't take her eyes from me.

Was she confused? Was she interested?

Everything on the outside of me today was male. My clothes, my underwear, my
hair.

Could she look through me?

Nobody else did.

Five minutes after being seated the hostess complimented my mom on her men. All
men, not a single girl. _How fortunate._

The starbucks barista later complimented my father for the same thing. How
fortunate for him, she said, for not having a girl.

How unfortunate for both of them of having me, instead.

### Sunday, September 6th, 2015

"Te ves bonita en tu foto."

"Gracias, es porque traigo tus lentes, Sofi."

"Quisiera verme tan bonita como tú."

_"Eres bonita, por eso te tengo en mi teléfono."_

"Creo es una forma de saber si alguien nota su ausencia y/o se preocupan por
ella."

Sundays are tiring days. Even God rested by the end of a working week.

Should it be worrisome spending a second whole Sunday in bed in a row?

Are the effects of the pills for blame or is it the lack of them?

Yesterday I told Luis he wouldn't find me on Facebook. I won't be able to
receive his images and insults.

I deleted my account. He didn't believe me. _I didn't delete it, he chatted
with me in messenger and messenger is a part of Facebook._

He asked my mom to tell me how I was lying and I indeed was there. She denied
any knowledge. Almost as if she didn't care, almost as if she respected my
privacy and knew it was a part of a bigger secret.

The day continued and ended.

After the sound of the door opening and closing, the rattle of the keys and the
crumpling of the paper bags, both Luis and I stepped out of our respective
bedrooms and walked towards the morning food my dad had brought.

"You were right, you're not on Facebook anymore. I looked for you and it only
said Facebook user."

My parents would go today to pick up my grandma from Tecate and take her to my
uncle and aunt who would arrive there from _The OC_ to continue the alternate
treatment of herbs and praying that—I hope I'm mistaken—they think may have
a chance of curing my uncle's terminal cancer.

Everyone but Miguel ate breakfast. I filled a quarter of a plastic cup with
water and took it with me to my room for swallowing my life medicine.

If there's a day on which someone asks what is the medication I am taking and
for what, that day will be a Sunday.

This Sunday was not it.

Anahí asked Catherine if I had deleted my account.

She took a screenshot of the conversation and sent it to me.

In there Anahí asks Catherine and explains how she looked for me, but couldn't
find me. After that, she looked in Catherine's friend list. Then, she noticed
how none of my tags were there. The first idea that came to her head was that
we fought and blocked each other.

Maybe Monica thought the same. Would she look for me or would she be satisfied
with the idea of me blocking her?

Maybe her father would notice first and be the most disappointed.

Anahí asked why would I do something like that and Catherine explained.

I was, surprised? Yes, but not with the way Catherine talked about me. It was
about my own reaction to reading her use a female pronoun. To one I was a he
and to the other a she. To both: Iván.

No, not to both. Sofía is her secret.

Does the time ever come when she, even for a moment, forgets that name or my
nature?

The theme of this time of my life should be secrets. Those heavy and burning
stones that I hide inside my clothes, inside my own skin.

I remember the dread of realizing that I'd have something that nobody, anybody
could ever know. And now it's like every word I say has to be measured and
analyzed. Every decision I take or movement I do has a back-planning that no
one sees.

What would happen if for a day my skin were transparent? A day where clothes
wouldn't cover me and my ideas would be seen like fishes swimming in a glass
tank with nowhere to hide from hunting eyes. Would it be the worst day of my
life or would it be the most free of them?

Everyone's hate would be the price for a night of complete rest from the burden
weight that is carrying all these secrets.

I remember having that recurrent dream of being in a closed store at night.
I wandered the aisles without a soul in the way. I'd go to the women's section
and take clothes with me to the fitting room. In those dreams I'd never wear
anything. In real life I almost never use those rooms.

Yesterday I did. I brought some shirts; two medium and a large one. Shirts
I imagined wearing with leggings. The large one made me look like a kid playing
dress up. The other ones covered the bulge in my pants without seeing like
I was full of air around my stomach.

I looked into those mirrors and saw what everyone sees. Why do I hate that
image? I considered taking a picture to show Catherine.

Why would I want to keep the reflection that I avoid? She can see the shirts
later.

### Monday, September 7th, 2015

"O tal vez fuiste tú, pensamos. _Tal vez Iván se despertó de mal humor y fue él
quien lo aventó._"

"Te ves de verdad bonita." She drew in the air barely moving her lips and
without making a sound.

Yesterday I read. Even after almost a whole day spent in bed I slept the whole
morning. They woke me up, but I didn't take my pill until noon. Half an hour
maybe, was the time I spent awake.

Catherine wouldn't come to pick me up until 14h. The alarm was set for 11h.
Other two alarms were set before the definite one. I slept through all of them.

Guilt crept up through my body while I still was lying under the sheet.
I should had gotten up and took the pill. Maybe the effects won't be the same
if I don't take them in a regular schedule. René said one pill every morning,
but does that exactly means every 24 hours?

Yesterday I felt bad; worse. Are the pills producing a bad effect?

Maybe they're not working anymore? Is my body habituating to the effects?

I swallowed it and took my clothes to the bathroom. Today's outfit consisted in
normal jeans and a gray shirt. She asked for it before I asked for Thursday's.
Again I wondered if I would wear the leggings. I imagined wearing them with one
of the new shirts.

Would I really do it? Thursday I'd have to walk, and then go to the hospital.
We would meet with Eusebio and Jessica, too. So I asked her what I should wear
so I could stop thinking about it. She didn't take it well. She hadn't even
seen me with today's clothes and I already was asking for Thursday.

I shaved the weekend's beard. I could barely stand a day's growth of facial
hair and today I had a whole weekend's. I loathed it, but I had it. I thought
it would end badly. The blade would cut me or irritate me, that I'd end with
a lot of single hairs left out.

It went well. I shaved my face and my legs. The body, I did in the shower.
I didn't touch myself despite considering it. I can't remember what stopped me.
Maybe it was the time. It was just a couple of minutes past noon when I came
down to my bedroom to get my shoes and do my hair.

I had a message from her asking if I wanted her to come earlier. Sure, we had
the time.

I can't concentrate with this. I have my headphones over my ears but all my
attention is on my mother doing the dishes and Miguel in the living room.
I have the underwear in the drier and whites on the washing machine.

Any minute someone will go to one of those and see a bra or a pair of women's
panties.

Will they ask something or already had intuited something just waiting to be
confirmed?

I looked at myself in the mirror and was surprised by how the shirt looked on
me. I hadn't worn it in a while.

Catherine texted me she had arrived and we met outside. I did have ziploc bags
but I didn't looked for them. She told me she had brought her pants if I wanted
to try them on.

Were they still painting my house? I'm not sure exactly what was the reason why
I didn't want her to come in. I couldn't think of a reason why she shouldn't.
We entered and lied down on the bed.

I wore them and they did fit. They were just a little big but it wasn't
noticeable. She liked them more than the leggings. I didn't know she likes her
pants more.

I want more like them. Another pair, some like today's. I felt bad because
I wear only a fraction of the ones I have and now I want others.

We ended doing what I thought we would and what she didn't plan. It was good
time but we barely made it. There was a lot of traffic because of the border.

When she brought me back home I found a teriyaki my family had bought for me.
Half of the chicken was gone. Miguel says Luis ate it, but he denies it.
Everyone blamed him. If he indeed do it, he would still say he didn't. But if
he didn't?

They told me what he did a couple weeks ago with Miguel's deodorant. How he
made up stories about what happened that it ended broken on the bathroom floor.
They even thought for a moment it was me. But I wouldn't have done it.

No, of course not. I'd have to be in so much pain and anger to do something
like that.

### Tuesday, September 8th, 2015

"Me dijo que, desde el principio, ella te ve como una persona indecisa."

I want to go to bed and sleep.

Prozac is supposed to be a stimulant SSRI. I should feel agitated, not tired.

This morning I wasn't awoken by their arguing. I took the pill a little before
11h. I delayed several alarms until the final one at 11h.

Catherine was going to go to her therapy, so I would be driving myself to
school. I hoped the traffic wouldn't be like yesterday's.

I showered and looked myself in the mirror. Yesterday I shaved my face, body
and legs. I used the safety razor on my legs and thought I had done a good job
like on my face. Even a day later there wasn't a lot of shadow and I wondered
about shaving again today. I ended up doing it. Not a single nick, even the
alum was stingless.

I tied up my hair and put on my shoes. It's been hot lately so I wore shorts
today with a t-shirt.

Catherine sent me a message saying she was going to school already so I left.

We arrived almost at the same time to the parking lot. The first class was
supposed to be _Thanatology_ but there was a post on Facebook saying the class
was cancelled.

We went to the library to finish answering the Kostick test. We considered what
we could do in our free time. The idea of not going to _Brief Therapy_ was in
our heads.

What could we do then? The movies? I can't concentrate much lately and thinking
about paying the price of a ticket and not watching the movie was something
that I didn't want to do.

Similar to the idea of going to the hotel. I don't know why exactly is it that
I'm against going.

Just today I found it hard to reach an orgasm while touching myself. My arm
kept getting tired, my mind blank; sweat would drop from my face and my dick
would go limp. Why did I keep going?

I don't really want to wear shorts. Garab told me I have nice legs, but said it
in that mocking tone. While Catherine told me what she talked about with
Liliana I couldn't help but notice all those tiny black hairs. Those spots of
ugliness on my otherwise smooth legs. Yesterday they were invisible and now
I could not stop seeing them. I hated them, and then I hated my legs and then
I hated me. I hate the sun and hot weather that forbids me to cover myself in
clothes. I could hide myself in a disguise if it weren't for the weather.

I was part of this week's Catherine's session. I did pay attention, I listened
and understood. I have no idea why I can't recall what was that she talked
about or wha was said to her.

Coming back from the library to the class she confessed in a nonchalantly way
how she has tried to make herself throw up.

"Even that I cannot do."

She has trouble being comfortable in her own body; accepting herself. She has
an image of herself that is betrayed by her own reflection. When we were both
in my bed getting our clothes off, I remember it well, there was a moment where
she pulled her dress over her head. She recalled that moment and told me how
she felt uncomfortable.

She was the one who proposed going to the hotel, but even before changing her
mind after that moment, she had thought about asking me to go to one without
mirrors.

Just like I first wanted, those firsts times when we avoided at all costs
looking at ourselves dressed like that. We couldn't be witnesses of our own
crime. There wasn't any mirrors in my bedroom but that didn't change a thing.

Zayra made us do that exercise to see how would be react to the telling of our
own problems by someone else. Not then and not today was I affected by
listening to what I've been through. With Catherine and her own body and
Christian and his own sorrow, instead of falling to my own dark pit, I wanted
to climb it just to show them the way out.

### Wednesday, September 9th, 2015

"What do you want me to do? Do you want me to put my hand up your dress? Maybe
I could go under it."

"My mother said you were thinner. She could see it from here. And that you
looked as if you had little breasts."

"I know a girl that would get mad with you because of what you just said. She's
from Belgium. Her name is Sofía, like the capital"

Did I want it before it happened? Had I imagined it or anticipated it?

Maybe it was like those other nights where I longed for femininity in my
dreams.

It could have been. I knew before today that she would come. We talked about it
yesterday. Tomorrow there would not be any class so we could go somewhere to
eat and then to the movies. She'd pick me up and drive us to wherever we'd go.

She asked me if she could arrive earlier. We both like lying in bed for
a while, hidden in my room from reality even if just for a while.

I've said before how I flirted with the idea of wearing feminine clothes before
discarding it because of the weather.

Shorts and a shirt. I'd picked them from the closet the night before.
Everything ready for the morning routine. Just getting out of bed and initiate
it, put everything in motion. Again it was something near impossible. As if
every bit of energy and motivation was exhausted from my body; I found it hard
just to grab the phone and get out. Any minute was valuable, just more sleep,
more of that sweet nothing.

I got up and took my pill. Underwear, shorts, shirt, and to the bathroom.

I showered and shaved my legs. It is quicker with the other razor, sharper,
too. I cut myself more with it, though, and, as I learned this week, leave more
spots.

After putting my shorts I came back to my room to look for messages of her.
There was nothing so I shaved my face. It wasn't as smooth and spotless as
yesterday. It felt like a hundred needles pricked my face where the blade had
irritated or cut. I put some balm this time to calm the pain.

I put my t-shirt on and tied my hair.

The cellphone sang when I had my fingers wet with mousse inside my curly hair.
She hadn't arrived yet, she just remembered that she hadn't told me when she
left her house.

I looked at myself in the mirror and wondered if it would be noticed. I tried
it on and checked in the mirror.

She arrived a couple minutes later. I opened the door for her and invited to my
room. The las time she had been here, she opened a photo album and took a peek
of my childhood.

Today we just laid in bed. She had promised, both of us, that we wouldn't do
anything.

We did.

I was in her arms and felt comfortable, inside her reach, inside my own skin.

Maybe it was like those nights. I looked her in the eyes and asked her if she
wanted me to wear the dress for a little while. One thing led to another and we
ended doing what we do.

She had thought that I'd welcome her wearing it. Last time she kept her wish of
me trying on the red one she was wearing to herself.

I thought about asking her to turn around while I changed, but she was already
looking away. I put it on; she took it off. I touched her and she, me. I asked
her, begged her to make me hers and she did.

And like Cortazar's poem, after doing what we do, step by step we changed
ourselves into being what we're not.

What I'm not.

We ate japanese food from that same place that is not the usual. They brought
my plate first and like 20 minutes later hers.

We were seated buried in the awkwardness of waiting. We killed the spare time
in Gandhi window-shopping books until we went to the movie theater. We saw the
menu and wondered what we could eat next time. _The man from UNCLE_ was the
movie we saw.

The waitress that seated us saw me as a man. That's what I am and what people
see. Silly me that I always forget.

### Thursday, September 10th, 2015

"It's not that I can't go to that place that I wanted, like there's a wall that
forbids me to go through. I wanted to go there because there's where I was
supposed to end. And this other place, where I do want to go, is closed by
a wall that impedes me to pass. So, where do I go? Where will I end?"

"So, the only difference between your mother and your father was the hair?"

"and the beard"

"I really like your, shirt, t-shirt, blouse... whatever it is"

"So, are you ready for an awkward moment?"

"I saw it and felt anger, how you ordered for him. He could do it by himself.
I ended up believing that you left because of him."

"I want you to know me, to open up to you. I'm not ready now. And I have to ask
what I need. Please, wait for me. Don't go"

This is another race against time. Be it my future, my body, a deadline marked
by the exchange module in the university, by puberty or a time of the day in
this site. There is always a clock ticking. Second by second passing by,
a countdown to an end.

Tomorrow I can up my dosage. He gave me a choice of doing it until next week,
or starting now. I didn't have a lot of secondary effects still, so I thought
there was nothing stopping me to do it.

Now I am not so sure.

We were going to see them today. I knew that, I chose my clothes because of
that. There would be hot weather so I was going to wear a t-shirt.

I wore the whatever-it-is that I bought in Guadalajara. It ended up being a bad
idea. When I arrived to the faculty I was swimming in sweat, drowning in heat.

I wanted to go to the library, there would be air conditioning. The
administrative building was another option. I ended up going to the computing
center. It was the nearest thing.

A lot of people had the same idea. I passed a group of med students with their
own fan studying, passed the bathrooms and arrived to the hall where a lot of
different students were seated along the walls doing different things.

I sat beside the mural. I had besides me a group of chemistry students
finishing a build of a... something. In front of me, there was a group of
people. I suspected they were talking about me, but there was something in that
suspicion, or more correctly, idea, that didn't felt right.

It was as if I knew it wasn't real. They were talking about me. Laughing about
me.

_Is that a boy or a girl?_ I thought of them asking. It was as if I could hear
them. Some words clear enough to get the meaning, but not enough to be sure it
was actually happening.

Something similar happened when I drove to therapy. Going down from the first
road outside the neighborhood a man said something as I passed by with the
windows down.

_Chiquito_? _Chiquita_? I couldn't tell.

Was it masculine or feminine?

I looked at him from the rearview mirror and saw his smile starting to form.

Was he mistaken? Did he said it specificaly because he thought I was a man?

Would that make it funny? or correct?

Did it hurt?

We were going to see them, Eusebio and Jessica. We were late.

They were even later.

Catherine and I decided to drink a pint before their arrival. Eusebio had
called to say they were exiting from their job. They came before our beers.

That beer killed me. But maybe it was the talk.

I thought they wouldn't talk about it. Jessica did. At the end, of course she
did.

I explained what happened to me that day. The first day on new medication.
I said the part of the medication.

I realized I liked them being angry at my leaving because that meant they
noticed.

Then I said another part.

After Catherine, I told yet another part.

Even outside when everyone talked and share, I kept talking and talking.
I don't know now what I said or didn't.

They thanked her but intervened with me; told me about what I did wrong, what
I could do better.

After everything I remembered the gesture I would do a lot in Spain after
a night of drinking and/or self-loathing when I was finally by myself of
pointing my hand as a gun at my temple.

When I talked and talked and talked, I imagined that same thing, blowing my
brains out.

Maybe it wasn't my brains blown, but rather my skull the thing that covers my
ideas and feelings. The thing in which I hide myself.

### Friday, September 11th, 2015

"You have good intuition, you could do a very good job if you intervene and
stop being afraid of going where you know."

"The name is the most private thing for me."

"They offered me support and I didn't know what to do, what to feel. I've
expected rejection and I know how to feel with that."

"Support is for the weak"

I dreamed.

Today was one of those nights and those mornings. I told Catherine the two that
I could remember.

I jumped from the balcony of my room in my first house. The second was my
grandma talking how a friend of Edgar was dead to her, because he was his
boyfriend. _A man who wears little blouses and thinks he's a woman_.

There were several others, all with the same theme of sadness and rejection.

I woke up feeling sad and rejected.

I told her how maybe the dreams were a reminder of the bad things that can and
probably will happen. Perhaps they were there to camouflage the memory of
yesternight as another dream. _Another thing that didn't happen really._

I didn't want to get up. I didn't want to see anybody. I wanted to keep crying,
to keep feeling like a little child, like the victim.

I fell again in that pit of despair and selfhate. I buried myself in
depression. I was angry with myself and I wanted to punish me.

I didn't hesitate to take the upped dosage. It ended up being the right thing.
A lot in me has changed in just a couple of weeks. I participate more in class.
I told a joke. I volunteered to roleplaying and exposed myself. It was way
easier for me than the last time that I did it.

Zayra said some things. She was the one who said the most. There were another
couple of comments but hers were the most significant.

She talked to Catherine and me about her master's graduation when we shared
about our discomfort with the way ours was being organized.

I asked Catherine to come for me. She offered to make me a second sandwich so
I offered her iced tea.

I brew two for the both of us. We drank it as the day passed. Mine was done by
the time we interviewed the teacher.

Only one class we had today. Research Methods was cancelled because of the
weather. Those two hours were spent in Catherine's car talking about yesterday.
About the same things that I wrote hurriedly before midnight.

I joked with her before telling her about Jessica's offering of using female
pronouns with me if I asked. I pretended I was cut off and lost in thought.
That I couldn't remember.

"You were just talking about it, that fourth thing, during the red light."

"No, it was just an instant."

She almost pulled over before I admitted I was just playing with her. Now, it's
hard for me to remember what exactly was that we were talking about.

I felt misunderstood and I liked it that way. It's not that different staying
quiet as it is to talk non-sense.

It hurt me, opening myself, being exposed.

I did that for them, I started and felt as if that peek I let them have was an
attack.

I felt Jessica's judgement, her aggression.

I said yesterday I understood Anahí when I wanted to leave the graduation.
I understood her today as to why she thinks Jessica doesn't like her. I felt
that same thing, but I knew it was not exactly real. I couldn't put a name on
it, but I knew there was something.

Catherine explained it to me. When she talked about her brother and Jessica
listened, she understood, she opened up and share her situation. She has been
through it and gets it. She comprehends what it's like.

That wasn't the same with me and what I said. She doesn't feel it and doesn't
get what I feel. She acts with what she knows and uses her psychology degree to
say something.

"I felt, when we started talking, that whenever you shared something I had to
say something because I couldn't just understand and be with you. The same
thing happens with her."

Eusebio did understand. He knows parts of my pain. He didn't interpret, he
didn't confront; he listened. He was there.

That was the difference between the two of them. That's the reason that
I hummed when Jessica hugged me and said we should see each other later. And
why I broke down crying when Eusebio later hugged me and said in my ear he
cared for me.

### Saturday, September 12th, 2015

I can't think of any phrase today. I can't think of much.

What is it about the weekends that affects me.

I woke up early and took my pills. My father was in the living room, eating
coffee and cookies. He asked me if I wanted to go to the United States and, if
I did, to go shower. After I that to tell Miguel to do it.

It's usually the other way around. Being woken up and asked if I'll shower
because the bathroom is ready.

I grabbed just a pair of pants and a t-shirt; men's underwear.

Do I notice the difference? Yes, it's thicker and heavier.

Is it wronger?

Yesterday I finished my book, the 4th book of the _A Song of Ice and Fire
Series_. I should had picked another one, a different one. Another story.
I picked the next instead.

I know what'll happen next. It's an even longer book with more than a thousand
pages. I started it anyway.

We went and had breakdast at Jack in the Box. I ordered a burger and fries.
I always get the iced tea but they had this new machines with lots of choices
of soft beverages and I chose the diet lemonade.

It was sweet. It wasn't the right choice.

I was satisfied with my food. I felt full the whole morning. Enough for not
having eaten a single slice of the pizza we bought before returning home. I had
my sandwich from two days before, instead. Half of it.

I knew yesterday that Jessica didn't hate me. I understood why she acted in
a certain way and why I took it in another.

Today I feel different once again. I feel hated. They hugged me, they looked
for me and cared. I feel the opposite. Am I being betrayed by my own emotions?

That phrase keeps repeating itself as a whisper inside my head.

"You told us how you referred to him in feminine, I can do it, too, if that's
what you want, if you asked it."

_I can do it, too._ _If you asked._

Why didn't I? What stopped me then and there from saying the name and asking
her, them.

I told Catherine the name is my most private and intimate thing. I haven't told
anyone but her and René.

She has. My most private and intimate thing is known by those two people from
me, and her two best friends and therapists from her.

Jessica is right. She did hurt me and it wasn't the right moment, but she was
right. Maybe that's the real reason that I felt hurt, that I feel hated.
Because she's not wrong. I expect them to do what I need. I wait and avoid
saying it, asking it. I wait for them to offer it or do it. I want to be
noticed, but I hide. I want to be heard, but I stay silent.

I want my mother to care, to ask me what's wrong; I want her to suddenly know
about me so I don't have to tell.

Yesterday when I arrived, when Catherine left me home, my mum was seated at the
table.

She turned off her tablet when I sat by her side. I talked. I opened up but not
about what I wanted. I talked about graduation and the robes and the theater
and the party. I talked about those things that I don't want nor care about.
I don't want to go to the party. I don't care about the generation. I don't
want to wear their robes or their colors. I don't care about my graduation.

I kept to myself the things I do care and want. I didn't say how I care about
them not noticing, or that I want to change my body, or that I care about the
way people see me and what they expect from me.

Even writing it is hard for me. Just as it was to say it to them.

"To be clear, the thing that you talk about; that thing that you keep avoiding
and rambling, is it about _your sexuality_?"

What an elegant way to put it. My _sexuality_.

It's not wrong, but neither is it precise. It's part of my sexuality but it's
more than that. It's about my identity, about who I am. It's not just the
clothes or even the sex. It's what's makes me _Me_.

My problem is not my sexuality. My problem is _Me_.

### Sunday, September 13th, 2015

Tomorrow will be two weeks without Facebook. It's been almost three since
I started rhw medication; more than a month since the last chat with Monica.

This is the third Sunday that I had done nothing. I have my book and my
videogame. I have tons of homework—some for today and some for the week. Yet,
being in bed is the most appealing idea.

I slept until just before breakfast and I slept right after.

I woke up just before eating again.

I told Catherine how having so much food is really stressing me out.

I grabbed the rest of the sandwich I left from yesterday and ate just
a quarter. I took a bite of the potato salad. It was old. It didn't taste
right. It had more than 3 days, of course it would taste foul. I threw it away.

I ate meat and half of a baked potato. I took a bite of the jalapeÃ±o and it
was the most spicy thing I've tasted since I can remember.

Two tacos and a piece of meat.

I'm full.

I'll keep losing weight. I hope I do. I hope my body changes, I want to lose
muscle and fat.

"We have always seen you the same." They said.

"What's the point of wearing those clothes? People see me the same way. The
only thing that changes is the clothes."

Did I dream something? I woke up to a message from her.

"I know you don't like these images, but I saw this one and thought of you."

There was a phrase spray-painted on a wall.

_EstÃ¡s bien bonita_.

Does she really think that? Sometimes she looks at me and smiles.

She stares at my eyes and I see how she gets lost in them. There's something in
my sight that captivates her. As if she were looking for something.

She whispers or draw the words with her lips. _You are pretty_, she says, while
looking straight at me just before she smiles.

How can I not smile? How can I believe it?

I asked her.

"When you tell me that, do you really believe it? I feel as if you see me
attractive and just change the gender of the compliment before saying it more
than that you really see me femininely attractive.

I've asked her before, but maybe asking her several times will give me
different answers. Or maybe listening to the same one will make me believe it
more.

Whenever she sees me attractive, she feels weird. She can see how I look good,
how I am attractive. The weird thing is that she liked it before. She liked
seeing me with short hair, with beard, with formal clothes. She found me
handsome because she saw me as Iván.

Now, she says, my face has changed. It looks different framed by the long hair
and without the facial hair. It seems softer, finer.

She sees me as _Sofía_.

She likes what she sees. Whenever she tells me, it'ss because she saw a gesture
or something that she liked. Something that made me be seen as a woman:
a smile, a look, a movement, or a pose.

She told me later how she doesn't believe me when I tell her.

I've told her a couple times recently. We were lying down, whether in Argana or
in my bed, I was in her arms. I felt small and fragile. I felt safe with her.
As if nothing could hurt me; nothing mattered. I liked it and I liked her. So
I told her. I looked for her eyes and I said what I never say.

_Why would she it if she didn't believe it?_, she tells herself trying to
convince herself that it's real.

Is it impossible to me to say what I need? I wanted to, it wasn't the feeling
of must, or should. It wasn't even that I could. It was that I wanted it.

I felt the words dancing in my throat waiting to be said. What would have
happened? Would she had cried? She would had asked questions.

Would she believe me?

_Maybe it's just a phase._

_You're taking antidepressants, are you sure it's not just the depression?_

_You didn't show any signs._

_Are you not just gay?_

Are those the same things I'd ask myself? Did I believe myself? I know I cried.

Eusebio and Jessica said none of those things. They believed me. I don't know
if they understood, but now I know they care.

They're not my parents.

_You told us how you referred to him in feminine. If he wanted me to, he just
needs to ask. We can support you._

Am I scared that she would say the same thing? Why does it scares me to have
her support just as it does to have her rejection?

### Monday, September 14th, 2015

"I want to wear a dress"

"Yeah? Which one?"

"I don't know, I just do."

"It's the first time that you say it. You always ask what I want to see you in,
or something like that; never that you want to."

"Let's go, He-Who's-Still-Out-Of-Fucking-Facebook."

Yesterday, before I fell asleep, I told her I love her.

I didn't say I _love_, love her.

There's not difference in English, maybe that's why they are so afraid of that
word.

In Spanish we can say we _care for someone_, we _like_ someone, we _like them
very much,_ or that we _love_ them. In French, when Monica told me, I found it
funny how it is backwards. To say someone _te quiero_ you say you _love them
very much_. To say you love them, which is stronger and heavier, you take out
the _very much_.

To them it means more when you say less.

She didn't expect that I'd say it.

I saw the screenshot she took of that part of the conversation when we were
registering to the EGEL test today.

I was nervous that they couldn't print the certificate of my second language.
Today system was not working, but it should be fine tomorrow.

What if when I give them my student number it comes up empty? What would I do?
Why do I worry about that?

Catherine told me I've lost weight; that I look skinnier. I saw myself thinner
today when I took my clothes off. I liked it.

I like specifically how my chest looks.

I remember worrying about that in Spain. _If I lose weight, would my chest look
slimmer?_ Would that be something good or bad?

When I was younger I hated that part of my body.

Deep inside there was the curiosity and desire to wear a bra.

That's why it was so hurting and uncomfortable when my parents would mock me
about needing one.

I don't think I've ever stopped to think about that. I wear one now—not right
now—, but several times a week.

I own three. They're mine. They're not stolen or borrowed or leased. I bought
them, they're my size.

It sounds so normal and so weird at the same time. It's incredible to me
whenever Catherine talks about my breasts. When she caresses them or grabs
them.

What does she looks for when she opens my _blouse_—as she calls them now—?

Why would she like it if _there's nothing there_.

I can't fully comprehend what she means whenever she corrects me to tell me
there is something.

"You fill them", she says.

I've looked. I put them on. I've seen.

Why can't I believe it? Is it because I don't know how to feel about it?

I like them, I think I do.

If I didn't, I wouldn't care about the idea of losing that fat when losing
weight. Why did I feel whatever I felt when her mother made a comment about it?

When she said I looked thinner and it seemed as if I had _little breasts_, what
did I feel exactly?

Why do I cringe sometimes when she touches me there? Why do I feel as if she
were mocking me?

I have this idea of how I look—how I know I _should look_—I should not have
breasts.

I look like a man.

It bothers me to be a mixture. To have a face of something and a body of
another. A part from here and another from there.

Wasn't that what I wanted in the beginning?

When I woke up today, I had some of those familiar longings. I texted her that
I wanted a dress.

And I did, I wanted it. I wanted to have one, take it out of the closet, bring
it with me to the bathroom, and wear it after stepping out of the shower.

In my just-woken mind, it seemed familiar and feasible. Something of everyday
life.

I was hot and I wanted it.

I have one but that wasn't it.

I don't like it. I don't look well in it. I don't know of anyone in which
I think I would look good enough.

Every day is different way of how I remember and feel about what was said
Thursday.

They said it; Jessica did.

Do I want it?

Maybe this Thursday we will see Anahí.

The idea of wearing leggings came up again. I'd walk to therapy and I'd see
a patient and then Anahí.

But I think back about what Jessica said. What I want to say.

What do I want to ask.

Would she say yes?

### Tuesday, September 15th, 2015

"What has changed since then that you're more open and affectionate?"

Today it rained like the day of Pride.

"Have you kissed in the rain before?" I asked her when we were both soaked.

Was that the first time I ever kissed someone under the rain?

Liliana, her therapist, again referred to me in the masculine form.

In their sessions she uses the other way. She corrected Catherine during the
first one. I heard her once, when we left the first time I was there. Did she
recognized me or did she really see me as a woman? Maybe it was the way I was
dressed, with one of Miguel's over-sized shirts and leggings underneath.

I asked her, again, if I should wear similar clothes this Thursday.

She asked me to, just now. It would make it be more normal, ordinary.

How would Anahí react?

I'd wear a lab coat in the hospital. Will someone from the class say something?
Maybe they'll compliment it.

Maybe someone will laugh; maybe they'll whisper things to themselves and point
while they think I'm not looking.

If it bothers me that much, why do I want to wear something feminine so badly?
Why do I feel this strong need to be seen?

"Do you remember what I told you about how I felt being with you on Pride? I've
had that feeling pretty often. Even before Eusebio's graduation.

"Seeing you dressed like that I had the sensation that it was right. It was the
way it should be and I liked it. I really like being with you. With you, I'm
ok"

I was wearing those same pair of leggings and her blue blouse.

I don't kid myself thinking nobody noticed how I really looked. I knew and
didn't care. I felt happy.

I've always wondered what happiness is like; if I deserve it or if I'll
recognize when I'd found it.

That day, there with her, even after crying on the side of the street, or
walking under the heavy rain looking for a spot where to cover ourselves and
reaching that point where we couldn't get any more wet. I shared that moment
with her. I shared myself with all those people who didn't know me. Those
strangers saw a part of me that the people who know me do not imagine.

I'm in a fitting room. I took three shirts with me.

I've always hated trying clothes out, and just a handful of times I've use any
of these since I pick my own clothes.

One of the shirts I grabbed was consciously in a size bigger. I like the
feeling I get of being small.

One of them is dark blue. This will be the shirt I won't buy, the first one
I looked.

The second is a light denim blue, I imagine wearing this one with black pants,
even to myself I say it like if someone were listening. Deep inside I know
I really thought of leggings or tights. This will be the one that I'd think
about wearing with Eusebio and Jessica the Thursday I'll let myself cry in
front of them, the day Jessica mentioned the pronouns. This will be the one
that I'll consider wearing with Anahí, to my session with René, and to the
hospital.

The third is a large one. I look at my reflection. I notice that I'm slimmer
and see the other mirror in the back. I can see my whole body with it. It's
longer than I imagined. It looks like a dress. For a moment I think I'm
actually wearing a dress in the Target's fitting room.

It's not. It's a shirt. It looks baggier and bigger than I could stand. I'll
end up exchanging it for a smaller size when I get out of here after I take
a long last look at how I look.

Closing the door behind me I realized I did thought about taking a picture and
sending it to Catherine. I can't remember the reason why I didn't.

Today I wore that white shirt with gray, dark and yellow thin lines. It's long
and it still looks like a dress. Nobody says a thing in the whole day. Maybe
nobody will say anything.

I didn't want to attend Vinicio's class.

We went to the movies instead, we saw _Maze Runner_.

Thursday we'll see another one.

The first time I accompanied Catherine to her therapy I dressed femininely.
This last time she went she wore masculine outfit. I liked the way she looked.

I really like being with her; being with her I'm ok.

### Wednesday, September 16th, 2015

_"¿Te quedaste dormida, Sofía?"_

_"No había pensado que tu eres mi parte femenina. Se me salió decirlo... Mi
vida sexual es con una mujer. Contigo."_

Today it was another Sunday. I woke up just for my pills. I don't remember
exactly if I went straight back to bed.

Even though it was an empty day, I did not advance with any of the things that
I should have. I slept, read, and played. The schoolwork is as it were. I have
assignments from Thanatology, from Brief Therapy; I'll have a test of
Psycholinguistics. There still are several undone chapters of our research
project. I didn't even open the lectures and slides that I should had studied
for yesterday.

In a couple of months I'll take the license exam. Everybody worries about that
test, its questions and grades. I worry about what comes next.

It used to calm me, the idea of Eusebio and Jessica graduating before me.
Seeing them struggling to get a job and stand on their own two feet was
supposed to be something that would ease my nerves. They had a job on the table
even before their last exam; both of them.

What will I do? How will I stand? How will I live?

Not _what_ will I do for living, but _how_ will I live?

I can't even decide on the clothes I'll wear.

I took out the labcoat so I won't forget it tomorrow. We will see our first
patient. The professor will be there supervising, watching everything.
Tomorrow's supposed to be us shadowing her. We will observe and ask questions
to know how we will evaluate them, what we will look for. It scares me not to
plan it. Going empty handed, unprepared. It's suffocating.

How did I think I could go wearing women's clothes?

I put on the shirt again and looked at myself in the mirror.

I asked Catherine if she wanted to see it. Either she didn't see it or she
consciously ignored it.

It's pathetic. I'm pathetic. I worry that everyone will laugh because they have
a reason to. What would the patient think? Their parents? Would the professor
say something?

Even before today, I had already planned on changing before entering the class.

The class starts at 13h30. Catherine will meet me after my therapy.

I already spent the money for my therapy.

No, I haven't. I used part of it for gas. I have the full amount for tomorrow
and the necessary for next week.

I have nothing to worry about. I am in control. Everything's about that:
_control_.

I am scared of death because it is out of my control. I am scared of asking for
what I need because it means ceasing the control of it.

_You can't reject me if you don't know me._

They can't deny me what I want, if I don't ask for it.

They can't hurt me if they don't know what I care about.

I protect myself as if I've been hurt my entire life. No one has ever rejected
me. Not a single person, yet I distrust all of them.

Monica denied it.

I didn't remember. Catherine brought it up.

When I mentioned the phrase I've been repeating this whole week, Catherine said
it and commented how she first had thought about what Monica had said.

"She told you that she wouldn't. She couldn't call you _that_ until there were
physical changes. And there was Jessica, saying how she could. You only had to
ask for it."

I didn't want to talk to her. I didn't want to be talked to. I didn't shut her
up nor denied her. I just ignored her and avoided her.

"I am aggressive and you are passive-aggressive." I sent her a _fuck you_
dressed up in silence.

She didn't know why I was so mad the night before we last saw each other.

I wasn't mad except for the fact that I was. I was angry at her for all the
times that I was but denied it; for all the things I wanted, but didn't ask
for; for what she didn't do, because she didn't know I wanted her to.

I am not excusing her, except for the fact that I am.

I didn't asked for it, but she denied it. Can it work like that?

Maybe I should break this month's silence and tell her about everything, my
meds, the graduation, Eusebio and Jessica's chat, what they said, what
I didn't.

_I realized I don't want support because I don't know how to deal with it._

_What do you think?_

### Thursday, September 17th, 2015

"Did you exit your house like this? Nobody said anything?"

"I planned to start the session mentioning it, but didn't. If you hadn't said
it, probably I wouldn't have."

"You mentioned feeling not being seen."

"I was going to ask you what would yo do if Manuel had implied something with
me, if you'd feel jealous. Then I remembered about Monica and what you said
about how you felt when somebody pursued her. And it led me to that same
feeling of you not being seen.

"I like your body."

"Even though it's a man's body?"

"No, it is not. It's a woman's."

"I was in Instagram and then I remembered. When I met you and added you as
a friend on Facebook, I saw you had the picture of _the pizza cats_. That's why
I kept talking to you"

Yesterday I grab the pair of leggings and a gray tank top. From the drawers,
the black—ironically named—boy shorts and the gray bra. It was unusual the
lightness of the bunch of clothes. I had picked the new shirt but left it on
the desk chair.

After my grandmother's leaving, this morning's departure would be with an empty
house. I could dress however I liked.

And I did.

I took a shower and I almost forgot to shave my chest and pits. I stepped back
in to finish. Then it was the turn to my face after dressing myself.

Everyday I'm a little bit more comfortable with my own reflection. I'm not ok
with it, but I can bear it.

I'm in front of the mirror with a shirt in each hand. I take both and put them
on my bed.

I look at my phone and see the pictures I took that I would send her.

She hasn't answered to my texts. _Should I wear this or the other?_

I like the blue, but, at the same time, I don't. I fear that I'll look
half-man, half-woman. A male upper figure on top of female, long legs.

I see the other one, the safer choice. I've worn it before, but _I've worn it
before_. She has already seen me with it. It's bigger, it covers more of my
body and, thus, it makes me look smaller.

I fear the looks of everybody that crosses my way. From the lady next door that
saw me as I left the house, to the medicine student that looked like Mario,
from the previous patient of René that later would sit two seats beside me in
class, or the guy who offered to clean my car's windshied, to the two clerks at
the sex shop.

"I don't know anymore what is it that I want. I want people close, but, when
they are, I push them away. I want to be seen, but, when I am, I wish I were
invisible."

We were supposed to meet with Anahí. I wanted it. I wanted to be seen by her.
It was supposed to be an opportunity to make it a bit more normal, wearing
feminine clothes with another person. She ended up not going and we did the
thing we usually do. It was the same thing as always, but done in a very
different way.

I keep telling her I really like her.

"You are pretty, you are very pretty. I want to be pretty like you."

It surprises me that I don't have to lie.

Why do I give her my truth for free? Is it really free?

Sometimes I think I could convince myself I'm the most expensive relationship
in the world.

I wish I had someone like her Miguel or her Carlos. I want a friend like them.
I want someone in whom I can confide. A person who can lend me their ear and
their shoulder.

I used to have Monica's, but she ended giving me her back and her silence.

Sometimes I delude myself that I miss her when in reality I miss those things
I didn't have from her anymore.

I'd do anything for having a contact in my phone to which I could start
a conversation telling what I write here. Saying that today I did wear feminine
clothes. That René saw them. That walking alone was the hardest thing I've ever
done. That being noticed more with Catherine makes me think how maybe they
notice and study my appearance because of the image of two girls holding hands.
That I like her, I really do. That with her, I start to feel a sort of
happiness. That when she tells me she likes my body, even though it goes
against everything that feel, I kind of believe her.

I'd do anything to have a person to whom I can say those things and more.

Would I?

Even reaching out the Eusebio and Jessica?

### Friday, September 18th, 2015

"_Hola, chicas... uh, chicos._"

"So, she doesn't know what she wants? So, she decides until the last moment?"

"I can't think of phrases for today."

"I love you."

I changed shirt the last minute. I wore yesterday's second choice.

I've arrived to the faculty.

I'm alone. Catherine texted me to say her mother was taking her to school. The
usual benches in the faculty of foreign languages are not empty, so I choose
one close to the wall that lets me rest my back.

I check my phone and see her text. I walk to the grass near the theater.

What's the difference between the pair of leggings I wore and the jeans I'm
wearing right now? Why was I so vulnerable in them but now feel confident?

I don't care that my shirt is almost open. I don't care if someone sees the
edge of the bra whispering its form in my undershirt.

I see her seated with the blue gameboy in her hands.

I don't think of it yet, but she has a piece of my childhood with which she's
playing a memory of my even younger years.

What is on my mind is the intention of taking a picture before she notices my
presence.

I end up sitting besides her and sharing the game before RF, Jessica, or Paola
arrives.

I'm not in the grass playing with her, waiting. I'm sitting in front of my
computer with the empty page in the monitor and the cursor blinking. I'm
waiting, but not playing. I'm sitting, but not with her. I have my earphones on
and there's a familiar start of a melody.

I'm not here anymore.

I'm there. I'm with her, but it's not _her_. We have heard this song before,
was it in the radio or was it from her phone? It was recently, because we both
have it in our minds.

It's a rainy day. We don't know it, but it's the last time we'll go out. We're
in a park. We've walked around and now we're inside a gazebo.

I have her in my arms and I want her. She's with me but at the same time she
isn't.

I'm not sad, I'm angry. The music is in our minds, but it isn't. It's comping
from her phone, she has brought it out. The phone is in her hand which is
around my neck.

We start dancing.

We've never slow-danced before. Did we start dancing because of the music
playing or did the music play because we started dancing?

After the song ends, we finally kiss. And we kiss again. And once again, for
the final time. Neither of us knows that, either.

The song ended and I'm here again.

I started to feel happy recently. As a reminder, I had a dream where I had
those familiar depressive symptoms. That usual gray shadow with which my
memories are tinted. Everything about it felt familiar: the irritability, the
sadness, the self-hate, the absence of energy and will. I had it all;
everything I've known so well.

When I woke up I wasn't sad nor angry. I felt fear. I was scared. I woke up
worried and soaked in a sense of failure.

_I've fallen again. I've lost._

The sharp contrast between my full-colored present and my shadowy past hurt me.
It's been three weeks and it already feels like a lifetime.

I experienced that contrast again in Zayra's class. Catherine was the first
patient. Anna was the second. Anna picked the piece of paper that Catherine
didn't.

Anna was me except she wasn't. I'm not a middle aged woman who has been through
a divorce. Everything else was my own role. I heard her mellow and weak voice
and watched her slow moves void of energy. She was thrown in her chair with all
the weight of her sadness over her shoulders. It was as if she had a full cloud
of storm over her head and she didn't care. Or she did, but couldn't do
anything about it.

"Do I sound like Anna?" I asked Catherine after class when we walked to the
store.

"Yes, a little."

It was scary, she said, whenever I got angry because I had so much energy. It
was as if I suddenly had come back to life.

There was a blast of energy that had been inside me. It wasn't an energy full
of life; it was an energy of death. It was a destructive force. Anger, hate,
death. Why wouldn't she be scared?

_Your husband left and it seems as if he had taken your life, too._

I guess there is a reason why I call flouxetine my _life pills_.

### Saturday, September 19th, 2015

"I told you, that there were times when I was a child that I went to sleep
believing my parents didn't love me. [...] I really cried right now.
I remembered that and I thought how I believed that then, and, now, if my
parents knew about me, they really would not love me."

"How much time did you put them for? [...] I told you one minute! I clearly
said that one minute! [...] Eat your fucking salad!"

"I saw him standing there with his full eyes filled with pain and shame, he
couldn't find a place where he'd fit. I saw myself in him."

"I had my hands on your rib cage, under your chest. I don't know, I told you.
I feel you as a woman, and I caress you and, yeah... you are Sofía to me. You
said you had a man's body, or something like that. I told you: _no,
a woman's_."

I am a child.

It's dark and every light is out, but I still can't sleep. There's something on
my mind and I wish I weren't alone.

I'm not older than 8. There is already the new room in the house.

I want my father with me; I want to be noticed, I want to be seen.

My parents' room is dark, too.

In my head, I have this fantasy where one of them will wake up and see me on
the step, tired. Asleep. They will think about the time I spent here waiting
while they carry me back to my bed. They'll feel guilt. How couldn't they
notice before that I was needing them?

I don't want to wake them. A part of me wishes to fulfill this childish
nightdream. Another is scared that I'll be seen as a needy little baby.

I'm afraid they'll get angry with me.

I lie here on the wooden step before their bedroom and look to the empty
darkness that hides my parents bed.

Soon one will wake. They'll come and find me. I have to pretend to be asleep.
Maybe I can stay awake and explain why I didn't bother them. I want to see
their reaction. I want them to see my face.

The minutes keep passing by. There is a clock that ticks loudly from the first
floor. I'm hearing the time as it keeps singing.

I open and close my eyes and I see no difference. There comes a time when
I don't know anymore if they're open or closed.

I wake up and I'm not on my bed. I still am on the wooden step. I still am
unseen and unnoticed. I didn't speak, I didn't go, I didn't ask. I don't.

I'm 22 years old and I am dreaming.

I parked in front of her house. There's just me on the car. She doesn't know
I'm here. I don't think I want her to know.

What am I looking at? What am I doing here?

I see her cousin, Karla. She sees me and maybe wonders those questions, too.

Her smile is warm but I feel threatened. She goes to Monica's house. Now she
knows I'm here.

I'm not inside anymore, I'm outside when she exits and her nephew is following
her.

I'm not alone anymore, Luis is in the car. Monica greets Luis. I am
acknowledged.

She didn't smile, she didn't say a word, but I'm sure she saw me.

We all get in the car. The driver's seat is empty, but the car moves. This is
not normal. Ruben asks how I'm doing it.

Do I know the answer? Does it get explained? I decide where the car goes but
I'm not driving it.

We go around the block and back. The car parks before her house, but the ride
is not over.

The dream isn't over yet.

Am I or is she the one who tells them both to go ahead before us? Everyone says
their good-byes except us two.

I'm not on the front seat, I'm in the back with her. We are in front of each
other.

The boys are outside and they walk out of our sight. We are left behind and the
doors are closed.

She is now sitting over my legs and looks me straight in the eyes.

What am I feeling? Am I sad? Am I angry?

I know what has happened, I have not forgotten the silence. We are still
surrounded by it.

She is the one who breaks it.

I see the water in her eyes, her pain and sadness when she explains:

"You cut me off."

### Sunday, September 20th, 2015

What can you say about a day on which nothing was said?

This is the third Sunday after my medication and everything has been the same.
The sleep, the tiredness, the absence of energy and the loss of will. What is
it about this day?

"Take a shower, sometimes just getting clean makes me feel better."

I hadn't bathed since Friday.

Did I dream something today? What filled my nighttime? Was I just dead the
whole time?

Am I dead now?

There's been a couple of weeks since I should had finished the chapter of the
pending homework. I haven't even started. What is it that keeps me from doing
it?

This is my last semester. These are the last subject I have to pass before
graduating and being a professional.

Why don't I believe in that title?

I'd be the first or second in the class and I feel like the last. Like a joke.
_Psychologist._

I feel like a dwarf being called a giant or an ogre winning a beauty pageant.

I look for graduate school: a specialty, a master's; something, anything.
I should be ready to work but I feel useless and inept. I just want to support
my own life. The weight of carrying a family or a partner is gone from back,
and yet my shoulders are tired with just the idea of figuring out my own
future.

Is this the depression talking or are these just the usual Sunday's words? Will
every Sunday be like these? Do my life pills take the Sabbath off?

It's been a couple days shy off the three months that I've taken them. A little
more than three weeks with the full dosage. The primary effects may appear
between the first and twelve weeks. I'm in the first quarter.

Every depressed person struggles to find the right medication and the precise
dose.

I have felt some effects. I've lost several of the secondary ones. I feel
better and I look better. There is no doubt about that. I have more energy,
I talk differently; there is variance in the tone of my words; there is life
now in my movements. I can say things. I can see clearly—clearer.

Not all my problems are gone. My principal problem is not gone. The idea of
forgetting it, ignoring it, just thinking about putting it aside and focus on
the exceptions. _What are the times when I don't feel it?_ _When do I feel it
less?_

I'm between Catherine's arms. She is holding me tightly and her scent caresses
my all the way from my neck through my lips to my nose. The lights are dimmed
and we are both in our underwear. She says my skin is soft but her fingers are
barely touching me.

I'm walking to my car. Catherine is by my side. My hands searches for hers and
the fingers shyly ask her's for permission to hide in her palm. I see people
staring at us and I don't care. They look at our hands' embrace before they
scan my outfit and my face.

I'm seen. I'm noticed. I'm not invisible.

I'm sitting in the copilot's seat. The back is reclined all the way and my face
is hidden under my arm. Catherine is on the other side looking for my smile.
She gets lost in the black of my eyes, the darkness between the white that
whispers from inside my curls and is barely seen in the small opening in my
arm.

I'm in the back seat of my own car. Catherine's head is resting on my legs. Her
eyes are close and her skin is immobile under the tips of my fingers. I get
close to her and hug her. My whole body is covering her. Her laugh is barely
heard outside of us.

I'm on the second floor of the children's hospital. Catherine and I are both
outside feeling the dances of the wind. She imprisons me between her own arms.
Her hands pose themselves on my navel holding me in my place. "I love your
body", she confesses the unbelievable-yet-known secret.

"Really?", I doubt. "Even though it's a man's?"

"No."

I knew it. It's obvious. No one can love the unlikable.

"It's not a man's. It's a woman's"

My fingers are wet inside her. My voice tiptoes to her ear to be listened. My
words get drowned in her moans and my name. She puts herself inside me after
promising what she'll do to me. We make each other come.

She makes me hers. I'm hers. She's already mine.

My exception is her.

### Monday, September 21st, 2015

"So you like feeling bad? For homework you'll feel bad. You'll keep doing
everything you usually do for feeling the way you do. Whenever you're sad
you'll give yourself a pat on the back and tell you what a good job you're
doing. When, if ever, you feel happy, you'll slap yourself and say _no,
asshole, you're supposed to feel bad. That's the way you like it._"

"I want to skip Research Methods. I don't feel like entering. I have this idea
of not going, dropping off the folder with someone, and just leave. Do you want
to go eat pizza?"

"The day before the accident, my parents were arguing. [...] We all were in the
car going home. I was awake and a dog crossed the way in front of us. My mother
told my father to watch out. He, instead of braking, pushed the gas. He hit the
dog and the car moved as we passed him over. [...] I was awake and felt
everything, says my mom [...] I remember whenever I see a dog like that. It
makes me nervous. I always get scared and anxious whenever I see one like that
or I get scared when a dog passes by, thinking I'll run it over."

I'm in fourth semester of high school. I don't feel well. It's been months
since the last time I've felt good about something.

I've talked with Alan but he doesn't help. I have _friends_ but they don't
really know me. I haven't realized it yet, but deep inside I feel it. I feel
lonely. I feel out of reach, unknown. There is no hope, but I don't know yet
how to put it into words. I need help but I don't know how to speak.

I feel an inner need of escaping. There's something inside me that urges me to
run.

I don't care about classes; I don't care about school. I don't care about
anyone here and I don't care about anyone at home.

I have this vague idea in my head, an amalgam of images that appear and
disappear whenever I blink. I'm crying. My hands are on the wheel and my foot
on the pedal. The front of the car meets a wall somewhere and everything turns
to darkness.

I'll do it. I'll make it happen. I'm tired of all of it and I'll end it.

Would anyone here miss me? Would anyone, anywhere care?

A part of me thinks it's not what I really want. I have yet learned how to ask
for help.

I tell Alan of not going to class. It's not my idea and it's not his either.
Antonio and Diana. They'll accompany us, too. Monica, Joanna. They're with us
when the plan is born and gets formed from the ideas of everyone. We'll go to
the park, I'll drive. I'll drive them. Everyone can come. Is Antonio with us?
I'm not sure. Monica is supposed to come. I want her with me more than anyone
else. I want her company, I want her to help me. I want her.

She tells us how we should go, but she'll stay.

_It's a bad idea_, a part of me whispers from within my ear. _Stay. You don't
want to go. Stay with her_.

"Go, you should go." She says over and over.

Her own words are what convinces me. Her pleading of leaving her are what
forbids me to cancel the plan even though it's not what I really thought of.

I go to the parking lot, open the doors of the car, put on my seatbelt, turn
the ignition on, and drive thinking about those words, her words.

Until later will I understand she was convincing herself more than us that that
was what she really wanted.

She can't go. She can't skip class because her parents will pick her up from
there. She doesn't trust my driving. If I knew of this now, would I think about
how I was just thinking about crashing or would I just feel bad?

I have fun. I laugh. I'm surrounded by people who laugh and live. Inside
there's still a part of me that's dead, but for a brief moment I am living with
them.

"They abandoned you", she was told during that same time. "They left you
behind. I can't believe it".

I was the bad guy. I left her.

It wasn't my idea. It wasn't what I wanted or needed.

I did it because of her words.

_You guys suck_, is the text I receive from her and read over and over before
I finally go home to bury myself in my bed and go back to feeling dead.

### Tuesday, September 22nd, 2015

"I feel proud of you. I always see you guys arguing. You never really agree
with anything. You disagree with the world."

"Do you want to cry? Why are you repressing it? Let it go; just let it all
out."

"We were supposed to control the variables. At least now we know Eusebio and
Jessica are not the cause of the illness."

I had given some thought about it. I wanted to. The idea was already there from
sometime before. What was exactly the reason I didn't went on with it, I don't
know. Maybe I got stuck with the idea that the account would going to be
synchronized with the Facebook profile. There are numerous internet
applications that publicly announce your progress on your Facebook wall for all
of your contacts to see.

In Spain I did something similar. I had this same idea of killing that image
persona. I didn't, though; I created a new one. I was dissociated from who
I was. To some I was Iván; to her I was me. I signed up a new google account
and created a profile in that social network that nobody really uses. She could
talk with me on there. She changed the name with which I appeared on her
applications. Whenever she got a notification on her phone about a new dying
picture from me from another part of the world, Sofía­a was the name that
illuminated her screen. The messages that gave light to her midnights were from
Sofía.

A part of me, a big one, felt ridiculous to the sound of that name. Saying it
aloud made me cringe. It was like my own nails scratching a board. The
sensation went from the back of my neck slowly dragging itself all along my
spine. It was a lie. It was my name; I was the lie.

I'm with her and she whispers it on my ear. She moans it right before cumming.
She says it aloud whenever we are alone to grab my attention. It is my name.
That strange sensation is now gone. Am I still a lie or have I become truth?

"I like being your girlfriend."

Did I ever imagine I would say those words to her? To anyone?

Before Monica I never imagined myself being in a romantic relationship with
someone. Love was something for other people. It was their game, of which
I never really understood the rules. When she came—when I got her—I was
baffled. _Now what?_ What was it to being somebody's boyfriend? I picked her
up, I took her to places. I made her smile and gave her gifts. I loved her.
I woke up with her smile on my mind and fell asleep with her name on my lips.
Loving her felt natural to me. But being a boyfriend was a role. It was tiring,
it was artificial.

We were going to return home early. We planned for yesterday not to go to the
study group. Skipping Vinicio's class wasn't part of that plan.

We did things that we hadn't done in a lot of time. We went to _las alitas_.
Nobody doubted when seeing me. It feels like a distant memory thinking about
a time when they did. Did they really or did I hear it? Did I look different
than now? Maybe there's something in me.

I drank. Catherine was the one who made the connection. Both times that I had
a migraine I had drunk before. Prozac worsens the effects of alcohol on the
body. Alcohol is a depressant. It made sense. But was it really the alcohol?
Was my pain physical? Did it come from my blood or did it come from deeper
within me? Both times it felt strong, like a deep hollowness screaming from my
chest. A growing darkness that was going to swallow me from the inside. Even
the outside lights made me sick. It was literally like my world was darker.

We talked. We talked inside the restaurant and we talked outside by the taxi
stop. The little girl's mother sat beside me and the girl kept standing. When
we got up, she took my seat. She looked at me. Did she see me? What do kids see
or think when I'm caught in their sight? Do they notice me? Are their thoughts
different?

On the way back we continued talking.

Spain, Chile; Consuela and Raúl, Carlos.

When we arrived, we continued in her car.

Monica. Eusebio. Omar.

I cried talking about Monica. She listened to me. We explained to each other
our past.

We talked like the way we used to when the time outside went on and our
conversation was immune to it.

Iván, Catherine; Sofía.

### Wednesday, September 23rd, 2015

"How far along is she on her change? [...]
Yes, you know, the change from Iván to Sofía"

"Have Eusebio and Jessica passed the shock stage?"

She was supposed to come today. I knew it. Her text message woke me up in the
morning. _Sofía floja_.

Will the name ever become ordinary? Will the day come when I read it or hear it
from her voice and feel it my own? There are times when I get lost myself in
this role.

"Have you ever forgotten that I am biologically male?"

"Uh, I guess."

I have. Sometimes I do, and those are the best and worst of times.

In her other messages she informed me. She would make food and I could brew the
tea.

It's 8h and my alarm would sound two hours later. She'd leave her house at 11h.
I should be ready, showered and dressed for her arrival 20 minutes later. Dark
leggings with a long shirt. The shirt was going to wait on the back of my
chair. The pants and the underwear with a gray a-shirt were, again, lighter
than the usual load of clothes I carry with me upstairs. I brushed my teeth and
got in the shower. I cleaned myself, soaped my whole body, and detangled my
messy and curly hair. Lots and lots of single strands of curls got stuck in my
fingers. One by one I'd take them off and let them fall with the water.

When I stepped out, I tied my hair and dressed myself. It was early. In my
phone there was a message from her telling me that she was exiting her house
a little late.

She was on her way. I could shave in the meantime. It took me almost the exact
time as her arrival. I was rinsing my face when the phone in my back pocket
started vibrating. I opened the door with the control in my hand for the gate,
but she was already parked in front. My shirt was unbuttoned, just like I knew
she likes it. It wasn't intentional.

We went to my room. There was no one in the house, but I still closed the door.
She took her shoes out from her backpack. I gave her the girdle and her thin
blouse. She left the shoes on my closet. She'd love for me to receive her, open
the door, walk to her car, and wait for her wherever we're going to go wearing
them. She liked how they looked with the pants and the shirt. She really liked
it. Did she like the outfit or did she like me?

Is there a difference?

As soon as I dressed myself, we undressed each other. We touched just barely
enough to feel. The minimum is more than enough. The light graze; our secret
language. I was inside of her before she were inside of me. I wore the condom.
I didn't had to touch it for me to cum. Her fingers and her thrusts brought me
to climax. We lied there, lost in my bed; lost in time; lost in our bodies.

She always asks me to pull out from her just after she orgasms. She pulls my
fingers moving inside of her, dripping wet. Today they stayed. She moaned and
breathed. She closed her eyes and exhaled as I pushed them inside. She came,
and came, and came again.

We stayed there and did it again. I changed from just my underwear. I put
clothes again. I like to do the normal stuff with her.

Yesterday she called me. She talked with Carlos after a day of remembering him.
He asked her to talk instead of messaging. Could she do it? It's easier for
both of us to write than speak. I wasn't the only theme of their conversation
but I was a part of it.

He uses my name. He uses it. Why, if it is my most private and intimate thing,
does he know it?

Catherine explained it to him but she wasn't as convinced of her own reason.

"It's not that I don't want people to know", I said, "it's that I can't say it
myself."

"How far along the change is she? , he asked.

He asked initially if he should refer to me in feminine. Catherine didn't ask
him to. He proposed. The same thing with the name.

"None", Catherine answered him.

It's true. I haven't changed. I'm still the same.

Yesterday when I heard, I thought I was fake. I'm still Iván. It wasn't until
now, that I'm writing and remembering it, that I see it's not true.

I have not changed. I haven't started HRT. I haven't done laser. I have not
change a thing biologically. I am still the same. I have not changed.

But I can't keep being something I never was.

I am not Iván.

### Thursday, September 24th, 2015

"Monica was my normality."

"She was your defense."

"Yes, she was part of my mask."

...

"It's paradoxical, ironic; the more comfortable I get with my body, the more
conscious it is, the urge to change it."

"The kid has AIDS... their brother, sister; brother. Yes, brother. He dresses
up as a woman at nights. They picked her up from a shooting gallery [...]"

I haven't worn these pants since Europe. Why did I put them on today? I have
other clean ones.

Why did I dig up part of my past? Was it intentional?, the contrast between
this and my last session.

"Were you wearing that outfit?" He asked when I told him about the previous
patient. He exited again just as I entered.

Does he recognize me? He took the tests from my hand later in class. Did he
see?

We ate breakfast in the cheap mexican restaurant near university. That was one
of the first places where I wore the underwear. I remember the anxiety of the
idea of someone noticing.

Later I would change clothes just outside. Was it my car or hers? I putted on
her blouse and later my skirt. It's been several times now that I've changed in
the car. Going to downtown, going to the beach, down in her neighborhood, down
in mine. I've changed a lot of times in the car.

It hurts that I have to change in the car.

"If you started hormones, would you wear the clothes outside, normally?"

I used to think of them as this magic potion that would change me inside-out.
This switch that once flicked, would turn me into this different, normal
person. I loathe this invisibility and yet I long for a different kind. I want
to be lost in the crowd. Do I want to be seen or not?

Being noticed or ignored, which one do I prefer?

I feel tired. It's not even 21h30 and my eyes feel heavy.

I ended up as Penelope waiting for my paramoure, expecting the one who left and
ignoring the one who returned.

Catherine asked me if I wanted to wait. Finish mourning Monica. Giving me
a break.

Do I want that? I thought I didn't. When she said it, I felt afraid of losing
her too. I like being with her. It's natural, it's liberating. I like her and
like me when I am with her.

I was Monica's boyfriend. I'd lie if I said it felt awkward or uncomfortable.
It wasn't even fake. It was just artificial. It was a role that I had to play.
Another expectation to be fulfilled. It was the future that I _wanted_. The
future I ought to reach. With her I was a man because I had to.

I stopped having dreams and urges when I was with her. I hit low bottom and she
brought me up. Or that's what I thought.

I never really did resurface. I thought I knew what depression felt like in
highschool, in reality I didn't know its absence felt until a month ago.
I wasn't depressed there. I've been depressed my whole life.

I was so afraid to die that I never took the opportunity to actually live.

I knew what a smile looked like, but not how it felt.

I liked being Monica's boyfriend. I like that part of my past, of my life.
I cherish and value those memories.

I'm not and never want to be Catherine's boyfriend. I don't want to play a role
with her. I don't want to fake, I don't want to wear masks or disguises. I like
her because she sees me as who I really am, it's absurd to be something I'm not
with her.

What will my parents think?

"The moment I imagine that we would share after the graduation, that intimate
time in which we would both be wearing dresses alone in our hotel room... I saw
us dancing."

I told him my hypothesis of the Sundays' weight. The burden of time ahead may
be what pushes me to my bed and sucks the life out of my body.

Whenever I mention the graduation and its party it always feels so distant.
This event that would happen in a thousand tomorrows with a lot of life
in-between.

"I wanted to feel like me; like I ought not to hide anything from the people
there. That's why I didn't want to take my parents [...] maybe they will know
by then"

Will they really?

My prescription is running out and I have to fill it again. Should I tell them
about it or pay for it myself?

Will they ask?

If I start talking about the meds, I won't hide the reason behind them.

### Friday, September 25th, 2015

I saw Anahí today. She was standing by the main building. Her hair was red as
when we met. It was tied in a lazy ponytail with a little piece of cloth.

Catherine was wearing a blue dress—Anahí's blouse was blue, too, but in
a different shade.

My t-shirt was a pinkish red, but my pants were blue. Today I didn't wear that
kind of underwear. I was topless when Luis came up to ask me to help him cook
a piece of chicken.

I was already finishing shaving. I thought about inviting him to look. Why do
I want to share that part of my routine? From all of my hygiene rituals, that's
the manliest. Shaving my face with a safety razor. Do I want people to know
I do manly things? Why don't I feel the same with the shaving of my legs or
body? Even when I do it, there's still a contrast. I have to put a shirt on so
I don't see the bra. Looking at my face lathered with soap and seeing the
straps on my shoulders.

Today I didn't wear it and I didn't have to worry about people hugging me and
their hands exploring my back. The last time I was going to see Anahí, my
clothes were so different.

In the morning Eusebio created a group with us: Catherine, Jessica, Paola. The
group was called _Chevicathivanilita_. An amalgam of our names. I was the one
who named him and Jessica _Chevica_. I think I was the one who came up with
a similar amalgam. Until now, I hadn't realized Anahí was missing from the
name. I noticed her absence from the group when Eusebio started saying about
his intention of going some place new. _A place where none of the six have
gone_. There were five of us in the group. We started being seven.

I'm in the Jetta. I think I am behind the wheel. We were in the park. It's
Thursday and we go somewhere every Thursday after Psychopathology class in the
mental hospital. We stared this tradition and we will continue throughout 4th
semester. It's one of the first things we start doing as a group of friends. We
are _the team of seven_, but one member is missing. Eusebio said he had plans
this Thursday so we are only six today. We're driving to a pizza place. Someone
came up with the idea of going to the Argentinian place that's near here, but
we don't want to go there without Eusebio. It's _our place_, we all should go
there. I don't know exactly where I'm driving. Finally, I recognize the street.
A couple meters ahead it's the entrance to that place. One of the girls in the
backseat sees Eusebio. He brought Paloma to the place we didn't want to go
without him. The two Paolas scream something to him from the window.

"We are seven, never eight; we rather be six".

I am in fourth semester. The classes have ended, but I am still at the faculty.
Catherine and Anahí are with me. We are outside of the little office beside the
restrooms. There is a piece of paper in Anahí's hands. Her eyes are tearful and
there's an air of sadness around us. We hug. This is good-bye. This will be the
first of many farewells.

The classes have started. Monica has broken up with me. Catherine and I are
finished with the procedure and the paperwork for our semester abroad. We are
with a foot in here and another outside the country. We're not leaving until
next year but our minds are already somewhere else. It's night outside but we
all are still in class. We are in a workshop from Humanistic and Existential
Theories class. Paola goes to the front and Catherine says something about what
has been happening recently. Everyone offered Paola their help, but Catherine
spoke what was in our minds. _We want to help you but there's no point if you
don't let us_. Paola starts crying and exits the classroom. As a group we go
after her leaving the class behind. We all take turns saying something and some
of us even cry. We all offer her our help. She will get pregnant and leave, but
we don't know it yet. When it finally happens, everyone already will have seen
it coming.

I gave everyone a little different key. I broke mine but replaced it. I know
Catherine has hers still, but I don't remember seeing recently any of the rest.
Paola mocked my words when I told her _all of our doors will always be open_.
"Always", she repeated with a sarcastid disbeleif, "...always."

I remember getting offended and angry. Maybe it was because deep inside I could
smell my own bullshit.

### Saturday, September 26th, 2015

"I don't feel well. I feel like I look bad. My hair is messy, my body is fat
and wide, and I didn't shave well. I look at myself in the mirror and I don't
like what I see. I move a little and I can see that I am thin, but the feeling
remains."

"I saw another Monica."

"You sat right in front of me."

"Yes, sir, that was my plan all along."

I'm almost out of life pills. I have to tell them soon.

I don't have to tell them. I can use the money Catherine gave me for her part
of the hotel room and buy only a box of them until René can give me more.

I want to tell them. There is a reason now why I _should_. That's what
I wanted, I have it now. It's still hard.

It's Friday and I'm driving to school. I'm going to park in the theater parking
lot so I enter to the university's circuit before the library.

She's here. She's walking towards me. Her thin and light chestnut hair bouncing
with her steps. A black t-shirt sleeves falling from her shoulders and the
white of her arms shines with the sunlight.

I can't keep my eyes off her and my head turns even though I'm still moving,
even though I know it's not really her.

The length of the hair tattles the phantom's lie. The girl keeps walking,
disappearing on her way, but Monica's ghost accompanies me on the other seat,
laughing and mocking me. I park the car and go to the theater's steps. I leave
the mocking ghost on the hot car to suffocate and die.

Catherine hasn't arrived yet. I'm seated on the steps with a book in my hands
whose pages remain unread.

I look at the couple beside me. A girl resting her head in the boy's shoulder
and neck. They're giggling and smiling. They seem happy and I hate them. I envy
them. Why do I? What have they done to me?

I'm mid-thought when Monica walks with people beside her. I look at her and see
the white face and big round eyes. She's not Monica. The girl keeps walking but
the ghost stands in front me and stares at me. Is she crying or is she angry?

_You are supposed to ignore me. You don't care about me as I wish I didn't care
about you._ I pick up my phone as she disappears again.

Catherine has arrived. We'll walk to the bank. She'll get in a bad mood and
I will think it's my fault. Maybe deep inside I'll believe she saw Monica, too.

It's Saturday and I'm inside the Adidas store. Everyone is looking for shoes.
I want new ones, but I don't want them to buy me anything. I catch a glimpse of
myself in the mirror but it's not really me on there. I don't like what I'm
seeing again. The pills are running out, are their effects dropping, too?

I'm inside the vans store. My parents insisted of coming. I'm searching for
a color of shoe that I'd like. I don't think of it yet, but later I will make
the connection on why I'm more comfortable choosing unisex vans shoes than
looking for clothes in the male department of Target. The memory comes of me
walking through the store glimpsing towards the women's area. I didn't went
there with Catherine. As I pass the lingerie section, I feel a small urge to go
and look for a blue bra as Catherine proposed. We'll go there later and I'll
feel that same longing.

I've chosen shoes and my father is already paying. I'm in front of the socks
section. I notice the size chart is for girls on the small side and women on
the larger. My mother is besides me and I feel a familiar discomfort.

_They're women's_ I want to confess.

_I've been looking for these. I have several like them. Half of my drawers are
full of women underwear, but you haven't noticed. Why haven't you noticed? Look
at me!_

I want them to look so I don't have to tell them. She asks me to grab another
package for her.

"Like yours", she says.

"These are women's." I explain.

Do I mean to lie saying they are not like mine or is it more of a confession?

Later, my father will tell me to grab a second one because of an offer. I'll
grab them just for my mother because I won't want them.

When I'll get home, I'll change my mind and put the extra package in my shoes'
box.

### Sunday, September 27th, 2015

"But, from where would we get Harry Potter clothes?"

"You have girl's legs."

"What medication? [...] Who prescribed them? Why? [...] Do you get depressed?
[...] Couldn't bear anymore of what?"

My dad knows about the pills. My mother will know soon, I believe.

I can hear them in my head. They're both lying on the bed with the darkness as
their cover. The window fan is turned on and its hum is a familiar lullaby. He
will remember and break the nightly silence. His words will light their room
and wake her up if she has already fallen asleep.

"Did you know Iván is taking antidepressants?"

Will she be as surprised as him? Maybe she will have an insight and remember
the high school episode.

"No, he didn't tell me."

"We went to the pharmacy today, before buying the food. He's been taking them
for a month. I thought maybe he had told you."

I talked yesterday with Anahí. The three of us talked with each other
independently.

_Will we get dressed up for Halloween? Should I get a costume?_

The idea of being in disguise used to sicken me. Why should I cover myself even
more? I never understood why I didn't really like it, even after knowing what's
wrong with me. It should've been liberating, being someone else; not being
seen. No, I want to be seen. It's against what I long to be in disguise.
_Being_ is against what I want.

At first it was a joke. Why did I think of it? Catherine's costume is Harry
Potter. Anahí's hair is red. They were gonna be Harry and Ron. I've always been
Hermione to them.

"Did you ever get uncomfortable whenever we said you were Hermione?" Catherine
would once ask.

_A girl's role_. I didn't. I liked it, I guess. There's been several times I've
felt something similar.

I'm in middle school, it's 9th grade. I'm seated in the classroom. The teacher
is not here. For a class before we acted as if we were in a News program. Marco
wore a wig. I don't know it but my hair would resemble the wig for a time
before I will enter high school.

I don't like Marco. He is nice with me, but there is something about him that
makes me uncomfortable. Almost every one of them makes me uncomfortable.
They're aggressive; I have this feeling that I'll get hurt whenever I interact
with them. He's the one who makes me feel it more. I can't identify this
sensation nor identify it yet. I just know I don't like him and I don't like
the school.

They are nice with me. They respect me in a certain way. I don't understand why
they do it. Whenever I do something wrong they let it pass. It's as if I were
weaker and they knew it. _I'm harmless_. I'm a sheep surrounded by wolves
disguised as one. We all know it but do nothing about it. Am I a girl who looks
like a boy?

They take turns wearing the wig.

Nobody has ever confused me as a girl. There has not been a single occurence of
that. I have never made the connection.

The wig gets to me. It's my turn. I put it on and smile. It's a joke and we are
all in on it. They look at me and one of them say it. _You have a girl's face_.

Another one looks at me and agrees. It's not offensive or them trying to be
funny. They remark it as an observation.

I keep smiling, but I don't know why. What is this that I am feeling?

I take the wig off. I'll forget about this a couple days later.

Yesterday Catherine and I went out with Eusebio, Jessica, and Paola.

We were there early.

I didn't see Monica's ghost.

We saw Eusebio and Jessica's doppelgangers. When everyone arrived, we went to
eat. I couldn't hear well but we talked. Jessica has a problem with a patient.
We talked like psychologists. Anyone who heard us would had thought we knew
what we were talking about. Do we believe it ourselves?

After the graduation will the sensation of being a child pretending to be
a professional wear out?

We went to the bar. The second floor looked completely different to the
outside. There was a coffe table and a couch; a couple of chairs around. The
girls sat on the couch. Eusebio and I were on the chairs. I wanted to sit with
Catherine, be close. I wanted to be on the sofa. There was space between them.

Why didn't I asked them? This time they didn't say _girls only_.

_You separate yourselves_.

There were just girls in their picture and there were just girls on the couch.

Eusebio is a boy and I am not a girl.

I am not.

Am I?

### Monday, September 28th, 2015

_Welcome back, Sofía Fernández._

Today I had to sign in. The e-mail address is different. It's the one I made
back in Spain. A play of words. 1.618, the golden ratio; phi. So phi e.

How can I play with a name which I wasn't born with? Is it mine?

I can't imagine my parents using it. My brothers referring to me that way.

"With what you couldn't bear?" my dad asked me yesterday.

_With me._ _With my body._ _With my sex._

I could had said it.

They haven't asked yet. Maybe later my mother will.

My father did. He did asked me more questions. I can't remember exactly what
but he did want to know more. Just a couple of questions.

My body is getting thinner. I had the feeling I ate a lot yesterday, but today
I was slimmer when I looked at me.

I shaved my legs. The blade wasn't new. I cut myself. When I rinsed over it
there were a lot of red spots. Little bits of blood dried, smudged. It hurt but
it hurts even more seeing the black spots. I shaved my face after.

It's not enough. I do it, but it's not enough. The day I went out with them,
Saturday, I shaved twice. Once in the morning and another pass in the
afternoon. I still have a shadow in the pictures Catherine took.

I take a sip from the iced tea as I raise the glass to my lips. Little droplets
of the perspired water drop to my shorts. One, two, three. A couple of dark
shadows in my groin. I wet myself more than I've ever have.

After class we went to the backseat of her car. She was going to go to the
bathroom so I took my gameboy from her. I played with it earlier today. We were
going to class, the first class. She was trying to complete all the levels with
the five special coins. We were seated on the bench outside the classrooms on
the first floor in the building where we took classes in our first semester. We
entered the classroom and I was playing. I played again until she returned.

She laid her head on my thighs and I stroked her hair. She returned the favor
with the tips of her fingers over my body. My chest, my neck, my face.

There was a time when her hand was under my t-shirt. She raised it and uncover
my chest.

"I like your chest, this little mound that forms from your navel to your
nipple. It does look like a breast."

She licked it and sucked on it.

I tasted myself from her finger.

"Do you want me to be inside you?"

I commented on the picture Catherine posted of all of us. _We are 1993_, she
tagged it.

_No, we are only 5_.

It was a joke, it wasn't funny.

"Nice..." Anahí commented.

I hesitated telling her about that meeting. She couldn't had gone, she was
going to work next morning. She was in the US. I knew that.

I knew her and I commented that. I felt bad. The conversation was flowing so
well and I ruined it. I send her a text apologizing.

Was it a misunderstanding? Was it my fault?

Everything turned out ok.

Vinicio arrived but there were no lecture nor role-play. Edgar went for
a patient. Another freshman student.

I had seen her before. Was it the library? Or was it in the faculty?

She was walking. I don't want to describe her.

Will I remember her when I'll read this again?

Vinicio's second patient. I don't remember the first one.

I won't remember her.

Catherine braided my hair. It was tied up in a ponytail and she loosened a lock
and let it fall to my face. I turned and she made a braid with it.

Several people have asked my permission to braid it before. I've always said
no. From classmates to patients. Even Monica asked it once. Why didn't I let
them? Why didn't I let Monica?

A couple times she tried to put a headband on me, too. I always dodged her. On
pride I wore the one full of ribbons Catherine made.

I left the little braid on the side of my head all day.

I saw the pictures yesterday before sleeping. Nobody has seen them. She has
taken them from her homescreen just like today before Garab saw it.

In an hour it will be Monica's birthday.

I haven't decided if I should send her a text message.

What would happen if I do? What will I feel if I do?

What if I don't?

### Tuesday, September 29th, 2015

"You turned me into a girl. Now I eat salads and drink water."

"I made you? You were already a girl. The faces you make are all girly; your
mannierisms are girly."

"It would be worse to send only two words than to not send anything at all."

I didn't send two, I sent three.

She replied with two.

"Thank you", she said.

I can't know what she felt or expected.

"I would be waiting for her to say something. Every notification I'd look at my
phone expecting to see her name. Would she say something? Were she really
avoiding me? I can't say she went through something like that. My fear was that
she wouldn't care. That she would read it and feel nothing. I'm still upset
about being nothing, unseen, ignored."

Right now I'm thinking about remembering her other birthdays, my own. I don't
really want to.

Vinicio told us a story once—not today, today we skipped class—about a girl who
had just broken up with her boyfriend and wanted to forget him, stop caring and
crying about him. He told her to, as homework, print a portrait of him and put
it on her wall. Daily, she would kneel to the picture and apologize. She lasted
just three days. The first she did as instructed, pleading him for forgiveness,
to get back together; she cried her eyes out remembering everything she did
wrong. By the third day she was angry and thought the homework was stupid. _Why
should she apologize? He's the one who should be lamenting his loss._

Is seeing her ghost me putting her picture on my mind's wall? Is remembering us
kneeling and apologizing?

Have my own three days passed already?

Tomorrow Catherine will come. She'll text me when she's outside and I'll go
open the gate for her. I asked her to come. I want her with me. The idea of us
lying in underwear on my bed.

I asked her what should I wear. I could wear leggings again, but with what on
top? She remembered that I kept her shoes. They're in my closet, under my
shirts. I wanted to surprise her. Walk in them and let her see me.

She considered again her answer to my question. I could see how she was
thinking about my clothes and imagining me modeling them for her. She proposed
the red shirt.

I bought that shirt in Old Navy. It was during the first semesters of
university.

I bought that shirt and linen pants. Later on a day at the beach would I feel
those pants tearing. The shirt I keep still.

It's looser now and, because of that, she confused it with one my brother's.

Her eyes sparkled as an idea was born.

"Wear one of the blouses I gave you."

I could, but I didn't want to.

I have them. I've worn both of them. She gave them to me because she didn't
like them. She didn't like herself in them. She liked me and I trusted her
preference. I tried them on a couple months ago and looked at myself in the
mirror. I looked hideous.

My body was broad and its width was highlighted by the thinness of the cloth.
I was a pig covered in satin. I was a gorilla dressed as a princess.

I took them off and stored them. She told me I could give them back. I refused.

Why did I refuse? I didn't like them. I felt just as she did in them. Did
I have hope that someday I would feel different, or look different?

I forgot about it and them. The two blouses stayed on my closet and out of my
mind, until that moment.

I considered them but wasn't thrilled by the idea. The mornings I've seen my
body I've liked it. It's thinner.

I am still a man, but I no longer feel like a boar.

Yesterday it was. Was it in the evening or the morning? I took the black one
out and try it on. It fit.

I'll wear it tomorrow. I'll welcome her and make her feel what she felt on
Pride, even if it's only for a while.

I am in the car. I went to pick her up and she's driving. It's the first time
I've changed clothes in the car. It's the first time I've wore something
outside of a hotel room. All the clothes I am wearing are women's. I'm wearing
her shoes and the black skirt. I'm wearing a black blouse. I wonder if the
people can see me through the car window.

Can people see me?

Do I want them to see me?

### Wednesday, September 30th, 2015

"I'm waiting for you."

"I wanted to show you something: I have you as _Sofi_ since Chile."

"I know; I remember."

"I didn't. I searched for you and your name appeared. It was weird."

I should be finishing the Research Methods work.

I want to work in research, in Academia.

Why is it so hard for me to complete these assignments?

I want to lie down on the bed and fall asleep. Tomorrow there will be no
Neurorehabilitation class. I could stay home all day were not for my therapy.

If there was a moment when my mother could have asked me about the
antidepressants, had my father told her, it would had been when I asked her for
the money for my therapy sessions of this month.

There's five weeks in October but the third Thursday I won't go. I'll be in
Mexicali. We'll be there.

After tomorrow I have to rise early and go with my father and Miguel to be
dropped at another University. Their bus will take us to Ensenada.

Today I was going to wear those clothes. Not _those clothes_, they're my
clothes. The only thing that wasn't mine were Catherine's shoes. I wasn't
wearing Catherine's clothes. They were women's but they weren't hers. I took
them with me to the bathroom. I had to check even after showering that the
house stayed empty. I shaved being only in my underwear.

I'm sitting on the couch. I've already put on her shoes. It's weird standing in
them, a little more tiring to walk.

It's not the first time I've worn them or walked in them. I looked at myself in
the mirror even though I thought I wouldn't.

I'm writing a message for her asking if she is already on her way. I'm excited
and nervous. I think about the times I waited to be home alone and wear
something. I dreaded the idea of someone seeing me, of anyone knowing. Several
people now know and I want to be seen.

After having sex I'll be tempted by the idea of leaving the house like this.

I can't wait for her to arrive. I turn on the TV for something to watch.
There's a new episode of _The Last Man on Earth_. In the first episode Phil is
shown as the last man on the planet. He's lonely. He's not really the last
human. He meets another woman. Later episodes will show he's not even the last
man either.

I get an answer. She hasn't left. They're setting the next appointment. 20
minutes more.

Half the time passes and I'm still waiting. The show finishes. He's lonely
again. He has a brother out in space but he doesn't know it. After being exiled
by the own community he funded, the woman followed him. They had been looking
for a new place to stay. She was lonely and wanted to be with her friends. On
their way coming back, he accidentally leaves her in a gas station. By the end
of the episode he's lonely, she's lonely, and his brother is lonely. He goes
back and looks at his old house all burned up.

I sent a picture to her. Just my neck is seen. Part of the blouse and part of
my hair. I tell her I'm waiting. She doesn't see it until she's out of my
house.

I wait for her by the door. I want to be seen and remembered. I want to see
myself the way she sees me. I think about asking her to take a picture of me.

I don't say it. Why don't I?

We're in bed, we have taken our clothes off. I teased her and made her cum. She
penetrated me in different positions.

We're naked on my bed. I'm in her arms. My body is all sweaty but she hugs me
anyway.

We're both hungry so we talk about changing and going out to eat. I see the
pants I'll wear today. I am going to wear the red shirt. She likes these pants
more than the pair of leggings. She liked her blouse. Would she like her blouse
more with the pants? Why don't I show her?

I put it on and look at myself in the mirror. I turn back and just see the red
light of the camera. She took a picture of me. I asked her for another.

I debate with myself the idea of leaving the house like this and the idea of
asking her to show me the pictures. I reject both of them.

We're sitting on a bench in the faculty. I play with the buttons of her shirt
and take a picture of her. I'll post it in Instagram and look at the little
squares of the last pictures. My feet, my legs, my butt, and my back.

I won't see the whole image until she takes me home and I look at that first
picture she took with my own camera.

## October, 2015

### Thursday, October 1st, 2015 I should sleep right now.

Tomorrow morning, just breaking dawn, I'll have to rise before everyone and
shower. We will go to Ensenada for the meeting.

It'll be the third time Catherine and I go there. The first time was when Juan
Carlos invited us to seeing him in a presentation of his doctorate
investigation.

That was the first time we went somewhere just the two of us. We didn't
remember it, but it was our first day out just the two of us. She has a picture
of us, sitting on the bus. We look young and innocent, so naïve. Neither of us
ever imagined what our future would look like. It was just by the end of our
second year of college—or was it the first? No, it was before Anahí dropped
out.

What we thought was our first day out was when we went to the _Corre con Color_
race. That was the following semester—the beginning of our third year—when we
took the elective Psychology of the Masses. It would be awkward, we both feared
it. We were nervous. Maybe we forgot about that first day out of the city.

We have traveled before. Alone and together. We have flought by plane and
explored a city. Now it's just a conference.

My bag is almost ready. I finished my book and I won't start the new one yet.
I'll maybe take the Game Boy with me. She has the newer one. I lent it to her.
She has passed all of the levels in Super Mario. Today I started playing
Pokémon for the first time since Spain. I've tought about deleting the
thirty-three-hour gameplay and starting a new one.

-...-

I'm a child. We have just moved. Recently we have been coming, little by
little, to habitate this new house. By now it has several furniture, but its
smell is still of something new and artificial.

It's our new house but it's not a home yet. My father is in what will be my
parents' bedroom. He's shirtless and doing housework.

Am I helping him? No. My brother hasn't been born yet. Luis will be his name
but I don't know it yet. I don't know either how close we will be 12 years
later.

That's not even my age. I will be 11 years old when he's born.

I am in elementary school. We don't live here yet. I look out the window and
see a van parked in front of the house crossing the street.

Will they be our neighbors? Will we play with those children?

We will. Their names are Cristian, Marco and Karina. The oldest is two years
younger than me and the younger boy is the same age as Miguel.

-...-

It's my birthday. They have come to congratulate me. Cristian sings the happy
birthday song in French.

Did I just turn 11? Margarita is the name of our neighbor next door. She gives
me a climbing toy that I mounted on the door of my bedroom. By the time I leave
this house to go to Spain I'll have had been in every bedroom but my parents'.

There is something about Cristian. There is Something weird about me, too.

In the future, my mother will tell me something I should have not known.

-...-

I am at the Ovies' house. We go downstairs and their mother, Adriana, is
crying.

"Why are you crying, mom?" Cristian asks.

"Because I love you very much and I was just talking about it."

I'm not a teenager yet, but I can sense when something is not being said.

My mother will later confirm my suspicions.

-...-

Adriana and my mother are talking in our front door. They think I'm not
listening.

It happens a lot, a lot of things are said in front of me and I hear them
despite them not being said for me.

"He's not gay. The psychologist already told us. She asked him if he liked
girls and a lot of questions. She told us, he's not gay."

-...-

My mother is seated in our table. The lights are dimmed and I don't know why
we're alone.

She'll tell me now. I don't fully comprehend the seriousness of what she's
saying.

She starts talking about that same story of her cousin. A _girl trapped in
a boy's body_. He role-played as wonder-woman whenever they played together. He
died, one day he was run over by a truck. She never knew what would have been
of his life; whether he would've transitioned; if the family would've been
supportive.

What does it have to do with everything? She thinks Cristian is just like her
cousin.

Cristian was raped as a child, she's telling me out of nowhere. Karina, as
well. Marco was the only of the three who wasn't. That's the story Adriana was
telling that made her cry.

The Ovies will move months or years later. I'll miss them, but end up
forgetting about them.

Cristian will turn into a normal college guy according to what I'll see on the
internet.

He wasn't gay and probably won't ever be.

-...-

"Men don't do that. You are not a man." I told him once in some other words and
with some other intentions. Did I want to hurt him? My mom hadn't told me yet.
I had no idea.

He gave me the finger and left.

It was later that I knew things I shouldn't.

We kept being friends until their departure.

I ended up being the one who was not a man.

Did I know yet I wouldn't be? Did I suspect anything of what would happen?

I doubt it.

I was a child who knew too much but felt too little.

### Friday, October 2nd, 2015 "Do your words."

She is standing right in front of me. I know deep inside how, whenever she
finishes undressing and puts on her t-shirt, she will come and take a look into
what I've written.

"I'm like this when I chat with you", she says as she climbs to the bed and
ties her hair.

We are in a hotel room. The air cooler is on and humming in the background.

We are in Ensenada.

Andrea has posted on her facebook the day of her party. I can't remember if it
was yesterday or the day before. I wanted to wear the costume.

"I was drunk with sleep, and I really wanted it."

"Now you don't?"

"I don't know. I do, but it scares me"

I'm in the bathroom. I've finished drying and the clothes are on the toilet.
It's a little after 4h30 in the morning. I put on deodorant and my underwear.
Everybody is asleep. We will leave early. Miguel will enter the bathroom just
as I step out of here. He'll finish by the time I shave in the downstairs
bathroom.

I'm in the bathroom but it's not morning. There are clothes waiting for me, but
they're not my jeans and shirt.

I'm on the chair writing. She has come and kisses me on the neck after she took
my shirt and put it on the rack behind me. I type the words as her hands
explore the way from my chest to my neck. She kisses me and smiles just as she
leaves.

The clothes are not what I'm wearing as I write. I'm in the bathroom again,
naked. There is underwear there but the rest is not something I've ever worn.
Not after showering; not for going outside. There is a skirt and a blouse. In
my bedroom stays the necktie and robe. I will go the party. I will go dressed
in a girl's Hogwarts uniform. I'll be Hermione and she'll be Harry.

Andrea posted the date of her costume party. October 17th, the day after we
come back from Mexicali. Will we go? I told René I knew it would end up not
happening. The event would never come and it all would stay a fantasy.

I dreamed about it.

"I will go to a costume party", I tell my parents, "as characters from Harry
Potter with Catherine."

They ask me about it. _What will you go as?_ _Oh, will you be Harry Potter?_

"No, she will be. I'll be Hermione."

What reaction did my parents have in my dream? Why don't I remember?

Maybe she would laugh and make an uncomfortable joke. My mum would say the same
stupid comment I know she has said.

_If you say you like boys, I'll cry._

It wasn't me to whom she said it. It still hurt.

_No, mother, I don't like boys._ That would be easier. That could be hidden.
I hide what I do have. I hide who I am.

Did my father sighed and shook his head just as that time he saw me putting
a bobby pin on?

Was he disappointed just as he felt when he knew I was taking antidepressants?

I doubt those were their reactions. I wouldn't have still wanted it if they're
where those.

I dreamed about the party, too. They would see me. I wouldn't have to hide.
I wouldn't have to change in the car. I could put the clothes on just as
I stepped out of the shower.

"Will you want make up? Foundation? Eyeliner?" Catherine asked.

Do I?

Did I dream that, too?

What where my friends reactions as they saw me in the dream? Eusebio and
Jessica would have known. They would understand what we were really doing with
our costumes. What about Paola? Would she laugh? Would Andrea recognize me?
Would everyone?

How different would I look?

I think I looked different. I sensed it.

I saw myself in the mirror today. I looked at myself just as I waited for her
to arrive to my house. After we finished and dressed ourselves again, I put the
white blouse back on but with her jeans. I let her see me. I let her take
a picture. Several of them.

I saw them today. I knew I would like them and I wouldn't. I did and I didn't.

There is something about my face. There is something about my body.

She liked the pictures. Part of me liked them, too.

What is that other part that didn't?

Is it the part that would make people recognize me if I dress as a girl for the
party?

### Saturday, October 3rd, 2015 "Luis is no longer with us."

Today my uncle died. My mother told me in the pick-up when I arrived to the bus
station.

_Finally._

Was it a bad thought? Does it make me a bad person?

He was suffering. He was sick. He's resting now.

No, he's just gone.

It seems banal to write about the rest of the day.

I ate twice but feel as my stomach were full. I've drunk two glasses of ice
tea.

Yesterday we had sex again. Twice.

She tied my hands with my leather belt over my head and used my tank top to
cover my eyes. She penetrated me after I did it to her. I teased her with my
lips and fingers. I tied her, too. She lost the mood and dried up close to the
end. Neither of us knows what happened. Then she tied me again and she covered
my eyes. She put two fingers inside me.

We showered together and did it again. I put my fingers inside her while
I caressed her soapy body with my other hand. She moaned under her drippy wet
hair.

In one bed we fucked and in the other we slept.

We took pictures in the hotel room. She took them, from our faces, our torsos
and our legs. We were in underwear and t-shirts. Mine were white and hers,
orange. Hers were men's; hers were mine.

She didn't like those pictures. She said it after we finished our breakfast at
the university. Three small burritos and a salad. Hers were of steak and mine
of beef. Hers had cheese. I couldn't finish the three of mine.

"You look like a good girl with that face and your hair that way."

She was brushing her hair on the bed in we had fucked. I asked her to dry mine
with the towel.

It was 5h when I woke up and turned of the fan. I walked to the bathroom and
returned to bed. I put my arm around her and my leg between her thighs. We woke
up a couple hours later.

All day it was about walking. Yesterday we just had to walk ten blocks, from
the university to our hotel. We walked a couple of them later when we looked
for something to eat.

We had seen Orozco in the hotel. I saw him first and he recognized us and said
hi. He introduced us to her wife. Today, after our breakfast, we saw Graciela.
I saw her first, too. When she found us from over there, she moved to wave her
hand. We'll see her Monday.

Catherine told me she thought about buying another bracelet. We could buy one
from every place where we've traveled. I haven't taken mine off. I shower with
it, I sleep with it. I touch myself with it.

Yesterday's workshop was about data analysis with a new software. Today's was
about the use of research as a tool to choose a therapeutic model.

We were in the closing act of the encounter. They gave the prices for a contest
which we didn't know about. They, again, presented to us the names of the
coordinators of the different participating universities.

Catherine took a picture of the two of us holding our passes in our lips.

We were sitting in the workshop, the computer lab, when she asked me for my
pass. I took it off and gave it to her. She took her pen and accommodate
herself in a position ready to start writing. I asked her not to draw anything
on it since I wanted to keep it. She told me not to worry and placed pen on
paper.

I saw the date. _I love you. -Cathy. I saw the same date written the same way
on her own.

I returned her the favor and wrote the same. She was worried, too, and
confessed she thought I would have drawn a dick.

_I love you, too. -Sofi._

We walked from the hotel to the university; from the university to the bus
station; then again to the first street and back to bus station. All times with
a heavy bag in our back. For a part of the last stretch I carried both of our
bags.

We ate in the place we had planned. We took pictures again.

I seem to take a lot of pictures lately for someone who doesn't like them.
I asked her about it and liked more than she did. It's a little funny and
a little sad how I expect to see something on there that I don't see in the
mirror.

### Sunday, October 4th, 2015 "Cassandra, Cassie."

I was wearing a robe, a black robe with shadows of gray. I was flying, escaping
from the machines following me, shooting me. It was a different planet.
Enormous, sandy rocks glowing in orange. Big clouds of dirt.

I was inside the building and there were more people. Almost everyone was
wearing the same type of robes. I was in a line, hiding in the tumult.

The woman behind me found interest in me and started asking me questions.

"Have we met before?"

She explained the differences between the two races. We were superior, she
explained. She thought I was one of her own. She treated me as if we had known
each other intimately.

How was it that I realized? Did she said something or was it something I saw in
her?

She was me. Her robe was red and she had short hair. Her face was soft and her
smile was calm. Her eyes were round and intense. She was younger.

There was some pictures in her hand, of her girlfriend. She met her recently
and started showing her to me. There were different images of the same girl.
That girl I knew. Blonde, light skin and big round eyes. Her girl was Monica.

Today was yet another Sunday. I woke up in the early morning with the sounds of
the rain. I closed the door and covered myself with the darkness. I went to
sleep again. The rain continued until I got up and took my pill with breakfast.

I tell Catherine my dreams. There were a lot of them today. Vivid and strange.

When people stop smoking marijuana they start dreaming again. Their body, their
brain, tries to compensate for all the REM sleep it was deprived. They
experience really intense and lifelike dreams.

The last days I did not sleep well. It's not the first time I dream extensively
after dreamless nights.

The first one was the one where I said the names.

Then I was in school; angry and in problems. Hated.

In a later one I was powerful and dangerous. I was the one who hated.

Then I was in a party, persecuted by a woman, until everything froze and I had
to escape for my life.

Finally, I ended in a different planet meeting myself and her new—and
old—girlfriend.

Escaping, fear, anger, and hate.

I feel tired, exhausted.

I wish I didn't have to go to school tomorrow. I want rest. I don't want to be
behind a deadline.

I haven't done any work. We didn't do to the items nor the indicators.

Again Catherine and I have done almost all the work.

Why can't they do their part?

Why can't once the classes I was supposed to like be the ones I enjoy?

I didn't remember Friday was going to be the workshop of Thanatology.

What is it that they did last semester?

Comfortable clothes and markers are the materials. I felt relieved when
I heard. I don't like movement or drawing. I don't like being exposed. I want
to be seen but hate being noticed.

What the fuck do I want?

I just took my second pill. Since Thursday I was taking just one. I think
I felt worse. Not the worst I've been, but worse than I should be feeling.

I can't tell my parents. Not about myself, not about my depression. Not about
the costume, not even about my fucking pills. I'm scared, but of what?

What is it that I fear? What will I gain when I tell them?

René told me I could say it in parts. I told him why I wanted it.

_So I don't have the burden of the secret._

I don't want them to call me names, I don't want them to call me _daughter_.

I imagine it and it feels fake. When they call me Iván or their son, at least
I know it's what they believe. It doesn't mean anything until I tell them.
After they know, I have nowhere to go.

_How do we call you?_

How do I want to be called? Who do I want to be?

I ought to be me, but who the fuck am I?

What will they say? What will they think? How will they look at me?

_If you want me to call you that way, I could, too. You just have to ask._

_No, I don't think I could refer to you in that way. I'd try, but my brain
would go back to the old way. I'd have to see physical changes._

Catherine ordered the costumes. Will I wear mine?

### Monday, October 5th, 2015 "I sound like a boy."

"I like it this way. You now sound like me."

"You don't have a boy's voice."

Today we were supposed to be yelled at.

She should had reprimanded us. We didn't do the homework, we haven't finished
the literature review. Victor and Andrea have not done their part.

The professor had to put all of us in our place.

Victor and Andrea didn't show up to class. She called Catherine and me to go
and talk about what we have done.

She congratulated us. She likes the way we work. We are so methodological.

The work I do is not enough and I am congratulated.

I upped my dose. Two pills, one in the morning and another just moments ago.

Did I dream something today?

I put the bottle in the table just in front of her.

_Did my father tell you anything? I am on antidepressants._

I thought about it. I considered it.

I want to do it. What is stopping me?

_I have been depressed. All of my life, really._

_It all started in highschool. You may remember when I was put in the evening
schedule. I lost a lot of weight and didn't eat. You and my dad threatened me
to take me to the doctor. You asked me several times if I felt sick._

_I wanted to die._

_It was hell. I never knew why. It made me feel guilty exactly because I had no
reason to feel that way._

_I didn't know why it came. Suddenly, just like that, it left. The memory
always haunted me._

_While I was Monica's boyfriend and it brought us a lot of problems. With her
I should feel happy. Why didn't I?_

_It all came back when we broke up. You must remember that._

_It had never left. It was just hidden, buried deep inside of me, covered by
a curtain of artificial happiness. When Monica left, everything came back up
again. At first I thought I was just mourning her. Maybe Monica had cured me
and with her gone my happiness was gone as well._

_I was wrong; she was just a mask. With her gone, I had to look at myself._

_It was a time full of changes. Anahí, my friend, dropped out of college.
Paola, my other friend, was almost as gone. I had to stop going to therapy.
Catherine and I were going to leave the country._

_I realized I didn't like what I am doing. I don't like anything: my career, my
body, myself. I wanted to go to Spain and leave everything behind._

_The fear wasn't of what I was going to leave here. It was all about what I was
going to come back to._

_I think I never told you how I almost didn't go. Catherine's therapist knew.
Catherine unintentionally told her how I was feeling sad and mentioned my
history of suicidal ideation. That was an alarm. There were signs and red
flags. I was not going to therapy and didn't talk to you. You didn't know about
anything. I shouldn't be unmonitored. I could not go by myself to another
country._

_I almost didn't go to Spain._

_A couple of days before by departure were the most anxious I've ever been.
Even with my visa in hand and everything ready, even sitting on the plane, it
all felt unreal. I wasn't calm until I finally slept in Salamanca._

_Spain was the best and the worst I've felt my whole life._

_When I came back, just like with Monica, I was_ cured.

_Except, I was fooled again._

_Everything came back. You noticed, I'm sure. The slowness, the sadness, the
irritability. I don't know if you saw the red eyes or heard the crying at
night._

_That's what I've been working on._

_I needed help and my therapist gave it to me. I've been taking
antidepressants. It's been almost month and a half. We are trying to find the
cause. The root of it all._

_We have found it. That's the safe thing to say._

_I don't like my body. I don't like being me. I am not me._

_I am transgender._

_The cause is my sexuality. I'm not gay. I don't like being a man._

_You remember how you get upset whenever I say I will never have kids or that
I don't want to be married? I don't like the idea of being a father. I don't
ever want to be a groom. I feel like I can't have kids. I don't even like
having sex as a man._

_I'll go to a party in two weeks. It's a costume party. I'll go with Catherine.
We'll go as Harry and Hermione. We are not sure yet who is gonna be who._

### Tuesday, October 6th, 2015 I am in class. Vinicio is talking about the
Brief Therapy of the Mental Research Institute in Palo Alto. Catherine is
sitting behind me.

Has she started playing on her game boy? No, not yet.

She has my phone but I don't know it. It starts buzzing and I hear it. The
thought of her having my phone doesn't cross my mind. _Her phone makes that
same noise, too_. I keep listening of that same story of the girl and her
breakup. The one who makes an altar to her ex and is tasked with reciting to
him her thank you note as a prayer.

Catherine asks for my attention and gives me my _lady wallet_, as Anahí called
it. I take it from her hand and put it on my backpack. My eyes go back to the
blue slides projected on the white screen.

Not a lot goes on before I hear and feel the notification of a new text
message. I take out my phone and see the word _Nena_ on the notification at the
top of the screen. What catches my attention is the text that appears under it

_Sofía_, it starts.

_I want to be with you, in your good moments and your bad ones; specially the
bad ones when everyone leaves and even you don't want to be with yourself. Then
is when I want you to have my company and my support._

_I want to be with you in silence, in screams, in crying, and in calm. I want
to share with you my life, my dreams and my fears. I want you to let me share
your life, your dreams and your fears._

_I want to share my home, my room, and my bed with you. For us to be in our
most vulnerable and sleep together. Let me take your hand to go wherever we
want._

_I love you, Catherine._

_Cinemático_ is going to close. That's the place where we saw _Mr Nobody_
together and Eusebio saw us. There we went with Anahí and Yarely on her
birthday. We went to their first location the three of us, Anahí, Catherine and
I. Then it changed locations and we went to watch different movies there. From
_Ex Machina_, to the start of _Birdman_ and the complete _Her_. There was the
first time I met Catherine after she returned from Chile.

This week will be their last. Tomorrow we will go.

Did we go there on my birthday? I can't remember. I think we didn't. We went to
_Argana_. The _grafógrafo_ was from where she got me my gift.

I took two pills this morning. This is the higher dose I've taken. I felt some
of the initial secondary effects. There were some trembling and excitation, but
not much else. Did I notice a difference with its primary effects? Did I get
a high?

I've been thinking, ruminating with the idea of the costume. A skirt, tights;
a blouse or a sweater. Make up, shoes. What to do, when, where. I ask her about
it with the intention to calm my nerves. To figure out what is it that I really
want or will be able to do. She tells me she doesn't know. She answered me but
I heard Monica speaking.

_I don't know. I don't care. Stop. **Stop**._

I shared with her my worries and thoughts. She listened.

We waited in her car until the night kicked us out of campus.

Her mother might make her a skirt. Do I want her to make me one?

We went to the first class. It was our turn to expose to class the death
rituals of The Middle East. Our plan was to arrive early so we could study the
slides before.

She gave me the things from Ensenada. I put on my black bracelet. There is two
now on my wrist.

When I was a child I used to like wearing watches. I used to wear them on my
right wrist. There were comments about how that was the place where women wear
them. I had to train myself to wear them on my left wrist.

Why? It didn't feel natural. It wasn't the idea of being seen girly. I wanted
to fit in.

I stopped wearing them for a while. In University I got myself a mechanical
one.

On my birthday before going to Spain, my parents gave me another one, the one
I wore over there. No, it was a Christmas gift.

When I came back to México, I stopped wearing it and instead returned to the
smaller when I stopped ignoring what I felt.

When I got to accept it and felt the pressure of time, I stopped wearing
a watch altogether.

After Guadalajara, I wore a red bracelet instead.

Now on my wrist there is a black one, too.

Maybe after Mexicali, there will be a third one.

### Wednesday, October 7th, 2015 "_¿Puedo tomar su plato, joven? ¿Y el suyo,
señorita?_"

Today was going to be a long day. The class wouldn't start until 17h. We would
have all morning. We did.

Yesterday she told me she'd pick me up at 12h30.

I know I dreamed something, but I can't remember.

I woke up early at dawn. I remember turning and tossing in bed and feeling this
urge to ask her, to confirm it.

_Am I a woman? Am I your girl?_

It was a need; a longing that hurt.

I woke up with that familiar sensation. I chose to wear leggings and one of my
brother's shirt. Every piece of clothing but the shirt was black.

When I went upstairs to get the bathroom I found that face again.

She saw me from the mirror and said _welcome_ with her smile.

Her eyes glowed behind the dark brown curls. I wanted to wear her face and show
it to the world.

If I had to pick a costume I'd prefer to take off the usual mask and show that
face.

I imagined dressing in that magic school uniform and long black robe.

Would people see that face? Would I look like her?

If they were to recognize me, would that mean that I look like every other day?

Times and moments like those are the ones that make me sure to dress like that
for the party.

By the time I had showered and shaved the face had disappeared.

Do I put on a mask preparing myself for going out? Is it an unconscious mask or
is just a cold slap of reality that erases the illusion?

I tried to iron the shirt and decided to wear a gray tank underneath.

Just as I type these words, I remember the sick feeling in my body accompanying
us all along the day; the same feeling that tickles in my throat announcing
a sickness to come.

Will I get sick? Did her illness come to me with her kisses?

Were they worth it?

I waited for her and went outside. She welcomed me without any mention of my
clothes.

_That clothing_ was how René called it.

We're driving to downtown. She is talking about something. My hand brushes her
thigh, up and down, fingertips barely touching her pants. After several trips
on her leg, I grasp her hand and take it to my own.

"I didn't say anything about them on purpose. I wanted to see what you'd do."

We are sitting on a bench at _La Revolución_. We are outside a dance club.
There is a sign on the window stating Wednesdays are _Ladies' night_. I feel
comfortable next to her. She makes me feel comfortable in my own skin. People's
sights touch me even less than my fingertips did her legs. I see their eyes on
me and I don't mind them. I wanted the feel feminine. I wanted to dress girly.
Maybe that's were the reflection came. I wouldn't have worn a dress or the
blouse. Why not? Would she had said something?

_Cinemático café_ is now closed. It was closed when we arrived half an hour
ago. It should be open by now, but it won't ever be. We'll walk there and come
back to eat something a couple blocks ahead.

We are sitting in _Colectivo 9_. We browsed the different places looking at
their menus.

Do people notice me? What is it that they see?

Mirrors are deceiving. They show me fantasies of what I think I look. They show
me this morning's face or that other one. I see either how I want to look or
how I fear I look. Where does reality lies on that spectrum?

What do they see? Why can Catherine's view be the real one? I want to live in
her reality. I want to believe it.

We have chosen our food. The same old thing as always. _The classic_, as it is
named in their menu.

We eat and I pay attention to everyone's words and eyes. Do I want them or fear
them?

Why do I dress like this if I fear to be seen? What is it that I expect?

The food is ready and both of us walk to pick it up.

"_La mesera puede llevarles la comida o pueden tomarla ustedes._"

That genderless, lying _ustedes_. Do I thank it or hate it?

The waitress will look at me: _Joven_.

Was that the reason I feel tired?

In the beginning, I wanted to be unnoticed. Now reality hurts me.

Maybe that's why.

If it hurts me to be seen like this, wearing a dress or a blouse and still
being unrecognized will kill me.

### Thursday, October 8th, 2015 "_Buenas tardes, señoritas._"

"_Hola, señoritas. Ya pueden salir. Hasta luego, mis niñas._"

I feel sick. My nose is stuffed and my throat hurts. There is water leaking
from my nostrils and my ears are humming.

I am in bed, it is almost midnight—or is it morning?

No, I have no windows but I know it's late.

Catherine is asleep.

It can't be. I fell asleep first.

What is she doing that I am lost again in my phone?

I waited for her to finish the reports before going to bed.

I have my phone in my hands and again I am looking for Monica. I escaped from
Facebook to go away from her and her pictures and her ghosts.

Why do I look for her? It's an habit now; go to the search bar, look into past
searches, and touch her name.

_Avis parva_, it used to say.

She changed it. I named her that. _Little bird_.

She was my little bird.

She is neither a bird nor mine.

_Monicakes_21_, it says now.

There are no new pictures. In all of the old ones she is smiling.

Who is the one taking them?

Is it him? Probably.

Does it matter?

Five weeks ago, I think it was.

"Me hice una cuenta de Instagram."

"Qué joto."

She made an account herself after we stopped talking.

Was she looking for me?

Did she find me?

What made me go a step further?

I saw _him_ in the people who follows her.

Am I a _follower_ if I look for her?

Can I be both a fugitive and a follower at the same time?

I entered  to his profile and look at his pictures.

Europe shots. They are old—older than hers. There was no life, only history,
until his last picture.

Her smile—her fucking deceitful smile. The smile that promised me heaven and
threw me to hell.

Has it ever been the same or did it die with our story as her name?

The picture was her sitting in a restaurant, fork and knife in hands. Her eyes
looking at him taking the picture and smiling. There is a headband in her hair
with little stones reflecting back the flash. Her black dress hugs her chest
and there are little white dots that mirror her milky flesh.

My body is sick with the flu; my head is sick of her.

Her memory poisons me. What has she done to me that fills me with so much hate?
What did she do that is so unforgivable?

Was loving me such a crime?

Catherine picked me up and drove me to therapy. I waited for René. A couple
came out from his consultation room. What stories does that room has heard? Is
mine important? Is it noteworthy?

I brought a thermos with me filled with tea. It was scalding hot, and my mouth
hurt all morning.

I talked in session.

What is it left for me to say? My uncle is dead. My mother hit me when I was
a child. I felt unloved and unworthy. I wasn't abused. I felt like I were, but
I wasn't really. Is there a difference?

I am sickened by my family's habit of hiding stuff from themselves. _Not saying
things_ I described it.

My main problem now is that I can't say what I want.

What a fucking hypocrite.

"Iván, what are the symptoms of depression?" Luis asked me.

Did he listen? He must have. He is eleven, not an idiot. He might be smarter
than I was at that age. Is it maturity that lets me admit it?

I denied him an answer.

"I don't know", said the almost graduated psych major; the
antidepressants-taker; the melancholic, suicidal, and closeted trans girl.

Catherine and I saw our patient. Now I was the one who applied the tests.

A four year old, inattentive boy. He smiled and laughed and I saw him and his
happiness.

I envied him.

I always thought I never enjoyed my own childhood. I wasted it. I didn't have
it.

Was it because it wasn't the one I wanted or is it just me focusing on the
problem and looking at my past with pink-tinted glasses?

"Nobody has confused me recently", I told Catherine.

They haven't.

Not even with my hair untied and wearing women's leggings.

To them I've still been a young man.

A crossdressing young man; an effeminate young man; a faggot.

The old security guard welcomed us to the parking lot.

_Ladies_, he said, and we listened.

I was giving him my back.

I dreaded the moment he'd see me upfront, correct himself, and apologize.

Why should he apologize? _Because it's a mistake_, their apologies scream.

He didn't.

Not being seen is what made him say it once again when we left.

"My girls", he said when we left.

We are not his, but are we both girls?

### Friday, October 9th, 2015 "To whoever wants to, we can open the casket so
you could touch his hand."

I'm sick and the week is almost over.

My parents and Luis are not home. They must have arrived to Mexicali by now.

My uncle is dead.

I saw a dead man, today but he wasn't him.

What started as a fantasy is now going to become reality.

We talked about it two years ago. In Halloween we could dress up. She could
wear a suit or something formal and I could wear a long dress, a formal gown.
We could play innocently with gender like we were doing inside a hotel room,
but now exposed in the world.

It never came to reality. I went to Spain and came back without those feelings.

I don't even remember last year's Halloween.

This year will be different.

We have gone to the United States before. The first time I went alone was with
Catherine, Paola, and Anahí. Later, we went just the three of us. More times
I would be there with just Catherine.

The first time I wore women's clothes outside was on the other side of the
border. I was in the Jack I frequent with my family. I entered the same wrong
restroom and changed in a stall I'd never been before. I came outside as I had
never been outside before. We stood on the bus stop under the rain. Those would
be the first droplets of water that would fall on us as we kissed, as she held
me, as I was being myself.

This year, by the end of the month, the fantasy came again. Anahí was the one
who asked us to go somewhere. Do something; dress up.

They would say we were Harry, Ron, and Hermione. The idea came up again for us
to take our roles. It was an idea. It was a fantasy, a dream. Nothing but
a _what if?_. We talked about different things that night. Afterwards, I went
with Catherine and the other guys to some bar. The idea stayed in my head
accompanying me all night.

I shared it with René and told him that I knew it would not happen.

Why would it? Would I even dare?

There will be a party this month. Just next week we have to go to Andrea's meet
up for her birthday where a costume is mandatory. I got cold feet and decided
I would wear pants. How stupid of me to think I would hide myself in
a different costume. What a waste of irony to let pass the opportunity of being
exposed in a disguise.

I couldn't let it pass. Catherine asked her mom yesterday to make her a skirt.

Maybe she could make one for me, too, Catherine had offered. Would I dare to
ask?

What happened when I did?

Today, in the morning, Catherine was going to ask her mom, share with her the
idea of us playing with gender.

She couldn't. Her mother was busy; she left; someone else came.

She could ask her later, but she also realized something. The excuse was that,
an excuse.

Did I mind that she can tell her everything? She could tell her about the
disguise, about us, our relationship, my pills, my depression, my situation.

It freaked me out. I wanted to, I'd been thinking about exactly that. Like the
disguise, it is something I desire, but fear.

I hadn't thought about the measurements. I would need to be there, be seen by
her knowing everything; stand in her hands and be measured by the waist, hips,
and thighs.

Catherine argued with her mother instead. There is nothing to eat in her house.
She ate a hot dog with me from the gas station. Her mother brought her a plain
hot dog. It's the same situation of not being told when there is nothing in
their house. It exploded into a rain of demands and failed expectations.

I feel now pathetic asking her about something. With what face will Catherine
share my most intimate secret when they can't even have an intimate
conversation.

Wednesday we will leave to Mexicali.

My parents will be at work and I can't leave the car in the parking lot of the
bus terminal.

She offered to ask her mom to give us a ride.

I don't want to be picked up. How can I expect to be seen?

### Saturday, October 10th, 2015 "She sensed something _queer_ about you. You
never presented yourself as a masculine, manly man. There has always been
something _delicate_ about you."

They're gone since yesterday. A little more than an hour ago, my mother replied
they would be leaving in an hour.

I wanted to go to the United States to buy hair mousse and black shoes. I told
them I didn't have a pair of black shoes, which is true. I didn't mention what
I needed them for.

Catherine sent me a picture of herself wearing a black robe.

"It doesn't close but you are thinner than me."

I thought it was hers, but it was mine.

Everything came. She has both capes, the ties; everything for our costumes.

_Almost_ everything for next week.

A message was in our group chat this morning. Paola doesn't know what to dress
herself as. The conversation grew and there were different answers. Jessica
would try to be _La Catrina_. Eusebio doesn't know, either. Maybe as her
partner he'll be wearing a similar costume of death.

"Do you know what will you be?", someone asked us.

_What would we answer if they ask?_ Catherine and I had just been wondering
about the subject.

"Hogwarts students."

Maybe we could had tell them we would be Harry and Hermione. They would assume
the rest themselves and they would be assuming wrong.

Did I want to be asked which? I ought to have known they might.

They didn't. They still don't know.

Catherine was going to ask her mom about making two skirts. After the favour,
she thought she could tell her everything else. She did tell her everything
except for the original sewing task that would initiate it all.

I am in bed playing with my Game Boy. I am playing Pokémon with a female main
character. It's weird reading the narration of the game calling me by my own
name.

There was a voice message from Catherine.

I sent her the pictures of me answering the game's questions _Are you a boy or
a girl?_ _What's your name?_

She told me she was happy for me. Proud.

I had changed. It was something that she wondered if I would ever do.

With her own voice she told me how she imagined that I would never do it. She
could see how I viewed it as something forbidden, something impossible.

It all started with the 16PF test.

I am sitting outside Liliana's practice. I'm on the couch, in the waiting room.
Catherine is in session with her, probably crying. There is music in my ears
and the sheet of paper in my hands. I have to answer this test for her.

The instructions ask me to be honest. _There are no wrong or right answers._
Every test says that, and people always lie. I lie.

I should not this time.

_Let's not_, I think.

I look at the first questions. Those are supposed to be the easiest—not even
part of the test—, but they are the most uncomfortable for me. The test is
asking me for my name and gender.

The test is waiting for me to lie to it. _Say what you are supposed to say._
The _right_ answer.

Fuck it. No one has to ever see this. For a moment I forget about the world and
I answer honestly. _I can always change it later._

But I'll forget to.

"It was the test, and later your journal, and now your game", the voice message
continued. "As time passed, you've said it or put it in more places.

"That's your name, Sofía. You are girl. A woman."

I think about her voice when I receive Catherine's other, more recent
voicemails. One by one they keep coming.

In the first one, she warns me she had told her mother everything. She will
tell me later.

_Later_ eventually comes.

She sat her mom and told her how she'd been trying to tell her something. She
used me as a starting point. _Do you know what transgender means?_

She then completed her mother's answer with my name.

Everything was acceptance and support.

A little visage of truth escaped, but I don't know if she saw it.

"Don't get yourself 100% involved" her mother warned her. "Well you are now
100% involved, but don't be 200%..."

About her father's comments. Her Mom mentioned them and said how she'd told him
not to spit into the air because it might fall back down on his own head.

"He even worried about you being in a relationship with him."

"I thought about telling her _no, of course not_, but then I just smiled and
said _yes_", the voice continued the story.

"That's when everything fell to pieces."

Her mom sat again.

"How, how does that work?", she asked for an explanation. "If he's transgender,
what does it make you?"

"I'm bisexual", Catherine answered her.

She's said it now.

I haven't even told my parents I have a costume party next week.

### Sunday, October 11th, 2015 _National Coming out Day._

"I know you are not a coward. I'm glad you've said it now; in person. Whenever
you want to tell your Dad, whenever you feel ready—if you want, I can tell him.
I won't say anything until you tell me you're ready."

I'm out. I'm seen.

Finally.

Catherine showed her mind yesterday to her mom, hours before the NCOD.

I could have shared mine, but my parents didn't get home. They came today with
the breaking dawn.

I could not have said it. I had no voice. My throat was mute and my chest full.

Now it's all said.

I sat with her in the table, just like that other time that I wanted to say it.

I asked her about the funeral, my aunt's reaction, and her sister's party. We
talked about death and grief. I opened up a little about Friday's trip to the
funerary. I let the door a little open. Just enough to let a shine of light
crept in.

Afterwards, I am in tears.

My nose is watery. My eyes naked without their glasses and filled with red
emotion. I look at her and I stand up. I extend my arms like a little child
asking for love.

_Please love me_ I beg her with my gesture.

She hesitates because of the abnormality of my action, but she stands and
receives me.

I cry even more. Little droplets of water fall unto her shoulders as the
raindrops on Pride Parade.

She mumbles something hidden in both of our sobs.

I feel her own tears as if it were my hand that comes up to her face and cleans
it.

She thanks me. All of our life she's felt the distance between us and the
weight of me having to let her hug me. My ask of love brought her to tears.

I could narrate what I said and fill today's journal entry. I could even use
this as a draft of what I will later tell Catherine.

But I don't really feel like it.

I did ration out everything that I had to say. I chopped it up into little
pills filled with information, and burden, and emotion. I had a dosage that
would last a couple of weeks. Today it was just the start and mentioning the
party.

_I have a party on Saturday. It's a costume party._

Open up with that, let the bait down and wait for a catch.

_I'm going with Catherine, we'll go as Harry and Hermione._

Just enough facts to be classified as a truth. Just enough information without
being uncomfortably precise. A vague but comfortable confession. The ball would
be on her court.

Would she answer it or let me win?

_Who is going as which?_ She might joke playfully and get the full confession
out of me. Until then I wouldn't have to worry about the consequences.

The plan was ready. It was foolproof.

But I started differently.

"Did my dad ever mention anything about my pills?"

We talked about that day. What I said, what had happened in highschool, in my
childhood. My first depressive episode. The dysthymic life. The sadness that
has been my companion throughout my life.

I made her cry and I thought it was because of me.

She told me how she screamed to my dad. She questioned him when he did tell her
about my medication.

"Did you know about Iván's antidepressants?" He asked her.

My mom told me he had said that I trust her more. I tell her things first.

He assumed everybody knew but him.

This time he assumed wrong and suffered my mother repressed and recently-caused
fury. She asked him to tell her more, to tell her the reasoninng behind them,
what is it that is going on with my life. She blew off at him when he had
nothing to tell her.

She felt guilty.

We talked about the idea of not saying things. Keeping everything bottled up
until it spills.

I opened up a little, and a little more. Just a little bit. I feared the well
would break and cause an inundation.

I talked about Monica; I talked about the time before I left for Spain, the
anguish of those days; I talked about Cathrine and about us.

I talked about a lot, but not _that_. That remained in my chest, in my restless
leg, and my trembling hand. It was in my throat, like a hand suffocating me
from the inside.

I can't remember what was it that finally let it out.

I asked her about my own childhood. _What did people said? How did I look?_

Was I expecting something specific? Girly, delicate, effeminate. Something
classic and cliché.

I talked about my hair.

"I don't like my body", I finally said it.

"The think that came up on those first tests was _gender_", I continued.

An hour later I had talked about everything except the Halloween party.

Catherine missed the NCOD by a few hours. I, unintentionally, made it just in
time.

### Monday, October 12th, 2015 "I always said they were princess' locks."

"You are a woman who behaves like a girl, and I love it."

Today was my first morning. I rose with the sun and I felt free.

I couldn't stay asleep. I tossed and turned filled with energy and emotion and
life.

I saw the first half of a movie about death.

I listened to Catherine's voice, her messages. Twice I heard the narration of
the conversation she had with her mom. I heard her nervousness and the raw
emotion in the trembling of her voice as she started. I heard when her words
started breaking and gave birth to her tears and sobs. I listened three or four
times to her explanation about me saying my name, showing myself.

I remembered my own confession.

I hate that word, even the idea of it.

I wanted to distance myself to the sensation of being in a confession booth
telling my sins.

I sent Eusebio and Jessica a message today. Everyone was talking about the
drinks they would bring to the party. I opened a new group when we arrived to
the classroom to thank them. I wanted to take their offer.

I want their support. I want to tell them, to show myself to them. I want to do
it on my own terms now.

I started by telling them my mother now knows.

They haven't seen the message yet.

They haven't answered. It hurts showing and not being seen. Even if it's just
for a few hours.

I talked with Monica this morning.

I didn't; I talked _to_ her. She wasn't here. It wasn't her.

Today I didn't see her and I missed her.

I talked to her ghost, but she didn't answer.

I told her about my mom, about my feelings, about my pills, about Catherine.
I hated her, I confessed, but I don't anymore.

I miss her again. I miss telling her stuff, I miss showing myself to her, even
when it hurt. I don't want her back. I just want her close.

I don't miss my girlfriend nor my little bird.

I miss my friend. Monica, my best friend.

What would she say if she knew?

I picked Catherine up from her house. I drove her to therapy. This was her
first session after her last mandatory one. _101th session_.

I'm scared of looking at my own notebook. Is it seven left? Six? Maybe three.

What will I do when the time runs out?

My mother took a gigantic weight from my shoulders and then another one
I didn't know I was carrying too. She told me how absurd it is for me to worry
about finding a job or a scholarship when I still deal with my own self.

Should I do that? I shook my head whenever she talked about accepting myself.

I don't want to accept it; I want to change. I want to fit. Not in society
anymore, fit within me. Forget about the world and their views.

_Be happy_, she said.

I didn't know what that was. Is it the answer? Is _transition_ the way?

I woke up light and my back ached. Even now, there are hot flashes of pain
shrieking throughout my spine.

Have I grown so accustomed to the load that its absence now sickens me?

After therapy we went to look for shoes and sweaters. We found both, but didn't
buy any. I bought mousse and my mom got herself make up.

My parents now know about the party now.

I told her what I missed yesterday before she stepped in.

"Good bye, guys... and girls of the * club".

What Catherine says in session is confidential. Would calling me be a breach of
its confidentiality?

Then what happened the first day?

Yolanda saw me as her sister. If Catherine hadn't told me, I would never have
known. How may times have people seen me a certain way that I never noticed?

Why do I care so much how I look in other people's eyes?

What is reality? Where is it? Is it in my brain? Is it in the mirror? Their
eyes?

Is it in Catherine's?

I couldn't try the shoes in the swap-meet. We tried some sweaters in Wal-mart
and I tried the shoes.

What if Andrea's friends say something? What if they see me in a certain way
and they're loud about it?

It would fit in my story being lifted from something, starting to feel
happiness, just to be slapped and thrown away to the pit when I least expect
it.

Would it still count if I do see it coming?

Is it my fault if I still put myself through it?

### Tuesday, October 13th, 2015 "I don't hear you as a boy. Maybe that's why
I said your voice is sexy, because I hear it rusty, not manly, when you use
that intonation. Like Mariela's."

Today it was the second day I felt free.

The pain was even worse than yesterday's. How is it that I feel happy and full
yet my back aches? Why is it that without the load on my shoulders my body is
suffering?

I watched the second half of the Japanese movie I was supposed to watch.
I wrote the essay on my bed. I was lying on my stomach typing on the laptop.
I fell asleep around 3h.

I woke up early in the morning again. I turned and tossed and chatted in my
phone with both Catherine and Anahí. I kept sleeping a little more and at 10h
I got up.

I put a foot on the ground and, like whenever I stepped with the other one for
the rest of the day, a flash of pain blinded me. I couldn't walk.

Why is it that when I am free to move wherever I want my body is now stuck in
a fixed position?

I was scared. I was supposed to drive today. Catherine offered to drive me.

I took two pills of advil, one of febrax, and two of my life pills.

I moved and kept moving. I walked to the living room and back to my room. Then
another time, and another. I didn't want to stop now that I could move.

Why today?

It happened after the trip to Las Vegas. Later, it happened again before
Guadalajara. Now it's happening a couple of days before Mexicali.

Will I be able to go? What will happen with the party? What will happen before
the party? What will happen there?

I am so intoxicated with the anticipation of Mexicali that I forget about what
will happen next.

My parents know I have a party. They don't know it's a costume party, neither
do they know that I'll go dressed in a skirt and a white blouse under which my
bra can be seen.

What will people say when they see me?

What will they see?

Will I get dressed in my house? Will I get dressed in my room or in the
bathroom? Will I exit covered in a long sweater, or with other clothes over it,
or carelessly exposed for everyone to see?

Will I get dressed in her house? Will I put on my clothes in her bathroom or in
her room? Will her dad be there? Will he say something?

What if someone says something?

They will say something. People talk at parties. Will that _something_ be about
me?

Will I be recognized?

By being recognized do I mean being seen as whom I always show or as who
I really am?

Today Catherine picked me up and drove me to school. I forgot the little tube
of advils and my bottle of iced water.

She apologized for not having washed the white blouse I tried yesterday. It
fits. I looked at myself as how I will almost look. The blouse fits, the skirts
fits. My legs are narrower than hers; the blouse is looser on my body. The bra
as I was expecting, shows through the cloth. My chest seems swollen with it.

I saw my shoulders wide. They are the widest part of my body, but they're not
exaggerated or the first thing you look.

I looked fine. I took a picture and sent it to her. Then I took another one.

Almost everything looked good except for my face. My face wasn't bad, it was
just the same as always. The same long nose, the same pronounced brow, the same
shadow around my mouth.

"Will people notice me? Not that they won't know I'm a man, but will me being
one will be shouted to everyone?"

If I sleep on the floor today, I won't sleep again in my own bed until after
the party.

After tonight I won't sleep alone until then either.

We went to eat to that same place and Catherine took me to my same home. We
stayed in the car as we usually do and talk the way we do.

I sent a message to Eusebio and Jessica. I opened up to them. They know about
my mom, congratulated me, and thanked me for my trust.

Were their words empty?

I told Anahí that I'll dress as Hermione; to Eusebio and Jessica, I said that
I finally told my Mom; that I'm on antidepressants to both of my parents.

I wanted to say those three things. I wanted to get them out. They're out and
I'm not satisfied. I want to tell them to someone else.

I want my best friend to know.

I want her to know all of that and that I miss her.

### Wednesday, October 14th, 2015 We are in the hotel room. My hair is wet and
in her hands. The brush whispers as it passes through my locks.

Is she reading these words as I am writing them?

Does it matter?

We arrived in Mexixali after 15h.

I woke up early again. It's the third day that I can't stay asleep.

I can't keep writing. This sensation is distracting me.

When we left to eat we asked the front desk for two extra towels. After
returning, I asked again at the lobby and for their code to the internet. We
stayed in bed for a while before she called down again. We are both showered
and the towels never arrived.

It's midnight, tomorrow I'll leave.

My back still hurts. I put the unused sheets on the floor and lied over them.
I'm on my back but I can't rest. I turn to my side, but it's the same. The hard
floor is supposed to help with the pain. I miss my bed. I'll miss it more the
next few days.

Catherine got to my house after noon. Her mother did give me a ride to the bus
terminal. I didn't have to move the car.

She's now braiding my hair.

The buzzing of the phone keeps grabbing my attention from the screen.

It's not the first time she does my hair. She has done it once before. I asked
for it. We were in the hotel that is close to her house. The other time was
during Pride as we lied on the grass of Balboa Park.

I washed the white blouse yesterday. This morning I ironed it after I showered.
I wouldn't be able to Saturday after we come back. I have less than 6 hours in
the afternoon to get ready and leave to Catherine's house. I haven't decided
what I'll do with the clothes. Whatever I decide, I don't want to take the
blouse and get into my parents' closet to get it ready.

My hair is done so now she is doing her own. She's standing behind me and I can
see her reflection in the mirror over the screen. I can see myself in there,
too.

Why does it scare me to look?

I was going to stay in my white underwear as she gets me ready.

I couldn't.

She suggested I could wear my own t-shirt as when I sleep. I put on the gray
dress instead. I can see the straps on my shoulders.

She's kissing my shoulder as she looks and laughs.

Why do my parents' messages irritate me? They asked me that I get in touch with
them tomorrow. I was on another country on my own. It's just a couple of days
two hours from home.

We went to eat chinese food at the plaza next to the hotel.

There is a Hooters, too. We could go there later. It's more probable that
I will be seen here than back in Tijuana. No, I know more people over there.
It's that the people here know me more.

Catherine and I had sex. We will, again. After my hair, I'll put on make up and
one of the masks we bought yesterday in the sex shop.

She had showed me a picture of a netted half mask and asked me to tell her
whenever I'd see something like it. One day after school, as we passed the
Office Depot to go to my house, we noticed the sex shop and decided to enter.
We looked at their stuff and their costumes.

I saw some wigs. I want my hair longer but I like it enough as it is.

And there, hidden under some other costumes, were a black and a couple white
masks.

We didn't buy shoes, or a sweater, or tights. I didn't mind buying two of the
masks, one of each colour.

Mine is the white one. It's on the table next to me right now.

I'll wear it; first over my naked eyes and then coloured with eye shadow.

Will I like myself?

I know she will. But will I?

How different will I look?

_Then, he'll ask you to style his hair or put make up on him. One day he will
want to be with another man_ Yolanda, her therapist, told her once in session.

I don't want to be with a man.

I want to be with her.

I like being penetrated by her.

I like being hers and only hers.

I don't know how much or even if I'll like what I see.

Why, then, did I ask her to take a picture of us?

Is it for me?

Maybe I want to look at me at a different time and with a fresh state of mind.

Or is it that I want to show the image to other people?

Whom?

And why?

### Thursday, October 15th, 2015 "When I imagined the masks, I had this exact
view in my head."

"Do you want to take a picture?"

It was another one of those posts. Several paragraphs explaining she will kill
herself and the reason why. I've seen several of those and they always irritate
me.

Some of them are true, most are just teenagers screaming for attention. There
is nothing wrong with that reason, but I'm sick of reading how they will never
be a pretty girl or be validated and the only option is to off themselves.

I usually ignore them.

I read parts of this.

There was a link with her picture at the end. She had long hair and a black
t-shirt. She was wearing glasses.

Was she smiling?

I can't remember that nor her name. It started with A. Was it Alice?

What was the thing that made her face stay with me?

I got distracted looking at myself in the same mirror I didn't dare to look at
yesterday. Today I'm topless in front of the computer. Catherine is lying on
the bed with my t-shirt covering her breasts.

Yesterday we did it. I wrote about the first time we had sex.

We went to eat, but where? Right, the Chinese restaurant next door. We brought
two plates with leftovers. They stayed untouched until this afternoon. What did
we do later? Why is my memory so foggy?

We showered before anything. I wrote about that. I wrote yesterday while I was
dressed and her hands where doing my hair.

It's all coming back.

I finished with the journal.

She went back to the bathroom, but left the masks. I wanted it; I wanted to not
be able to see my face. Keep it hiding.

Change it.

I took the mask and put it on before she came back. I lied and let her believe
I hadn't seen myself.

I wish I had not seen myself.

I asked her if she wanted me to curl my eyelashes. I wanted her to do it. It
was something that I had to do myself. Whenever she tried to do it, I closed my
eyes. It was just like the times when I tried to put the contact lenses on. The
eyelashes got in the way and, when touched, I involuntarily closed my eye.
I had to do it myself.

I tried it. I stood in front of the mirror and got closer to get a better look.
I can't remember what exactly, but there was something I didn't like. I felt
hideous.

No, I felt wrong.

Later that same day, her phone slip through my fingers and landed on my lower
lip, breaking it. If I felt ugly, now I would look the part.

Was I scared yesterday when I took that eyelash curler and went to the
bathroom? Was I scared it would be that same face? How did I do it?

I put the mask on again and we continued.

We took pictures. I of her with her hands over her head and her eyes closed.
She of me with my mouth going down on her and only the mask showing. The two of
us together—black and white—kissing, touching; being one.

We had talked about the idea of taking pictures or recording. It would be
something that maybe I'd do, and even enjoy. Later, sobered up, I knew
I wouldn't want to see it.

We did see the twenty-something pictures. We were ready to sleep and saw them
and commented them.

There were some I didn't like. There where others she didn't. Some she liked,
and some I did.

I saw them on different times throughout the day.

We woke up in the early morning. She showered first and later I did. I tried to
sleep a couple more minutes but I couldn't. I tossed and turn like the couple
of days before.

I grabbed the phone on the night table and looked for new messages or
notifications. There was nothing new so I opened up the reddit app.

I touched the refresh button. I can't remember the title but it was something
from 4chan. It was a joke, but I didn't read the green text. Instead, I saw
a familiar picture.

_I've seen this picture_, I thought.

I remembered as soon as I started reading.

_Why did the tranny stepped in front of the truck?_ _Because she wanted to be
a real grill._

She did it. Now she is dead.

### Friday, October 16th, 2015 "If you get ready in my house and put on the
make up... are you not nervous of being seen by my father?"

Time flies as we stand and look. We have only one night left.

The coursework is over by now. Tomorrow we'll return to Tijuana. Just a couple
of hours for unpacking and shaving again and I'll have to leave for her house
to get ready for the party.

The excitement has been evolving into a different kind of anxiety.

I don't have the costume. I ought to get ready in her house. I can't leave my
house in just a blouse and a skirt. That's not a costume. That's women's
clothes.

Why do I want it so much? What part of it calms me?

Not only that. I can't even think of being seen by my parents. I think of
escaping from the house to go outside. I'll be with both known and unknown
people. I'll most surely be looked, pointed at, and laughed at by the end of
the night.

What part of it am I excited about?

She woke me today. Was it her fingers or her lips?

The day in the university was short. There were some videos, a couple of names
of articles, and the rest of the psychological tests. The certificates were
ready but Catherine's had a mistake.

We looked for what to eat. There was a Ciabatta place in front of the hotel.
Next to it, there was a little italian restaurant that makes empanadas and
choripan. I tasted it in Guadalajara.

There will be a conference in Guadalajara next year. 1200 MXN until the end of
the year. Four days. The hotel is cheap at 700 MXN for the night. We thought
about the future. It's different wondering about what will happen next without
that familiar pressure.

My back is feeling better. Am I getting used to the relief of everything?

Liliana asked Catherine how she was after having said everything and crying.
She was thrown in her chair, with her arms over her knees and the head dropped.

"I feel tired", she said.

She looked like it. She looked just like a person after a long workout with the
tiredness pulling her body to the ground.

"The work is done, now it's time to rest", told her Liliana.

I did it now, too. I don't know what to do or feel.

With what do I fill now this empty hole that remains where my secret hid?

Is it that what scares me about tomorrow?

We were in La crepería sitting on the couch at the corner of the unlighted
room. We looked at yesterday's pictures once again.

They weren't yesterday's. Yesterday we went to the Mexican place where we drank
Margritas and I ate a green pozole from Guerrero.

It's been two days since the pictures. Catherine put one as display picture in
her instagram account. She has my same familiar need of sharing it with
someone; of wanting it to be seen.

They played a song before the live band started with the show. Crazy, from
Aerosmith. I remember liking that video. The scenes came to my mind like an old
memory.

There is history surrounding the music video. I would show it to Catherine
later. It made me feel funny whenever I saw it. I would look for it and see it
repeatedly. There was something in it I was drawn to, something that made me
feel queer inside.

By breaking end of night, we lied on the bed with her tablet watching music
videos. I played her that one, and then we played the t.a.t.u. one with the
russian girls kissing under the rain.

"Was it because of the two girls?" She wondered outloud before I said anything.
There are suggestive scenes.

I've never liked porn videos. When I was younger, I looked for something
different. What I was shown didn't make anything to me. That Aerosmith
video—seeing the blonde girl with her skirt and her blouse; seeing her with Lyv
Tyler in the hotel room getting ready; them getting ready to go to the club,
one dressed in men clothes and the other dancing on the pole. I liked them,
both women.

Catherine's video was the first one she saw that made her feel doubts. Even
before Nayeli, she looked at that video and wanted that, some girl in skirt and
blouse to kiss under the rain.

"I liked it, too. I used to look at it and feel confused, intrigued." I told
her. "I thought I liked her, but again I confused the feeling of want someone
and wanting to be that person. I thought it would be impossible to be her"

"But you are now, you are my uniformed girl whom I kiss under the rain."

### Saturday, October 17th, 2015 Today there were pictures again.

Yesterday we went to Hooters after I finished writing in my journal while she
was asleep. We put on our clothes and we left.

I am sitting at home in front of my monitor, typing on my usual keyboard. The
day has come and I won't use the clothes in our house. I think I'm going to
change pants. I'm wearing jeans right now and thinking of what will I do if
I don't do it.

What if I change my mind? What will I do or wear?

Everything is ready. The bus was late and we left Mexicali at 14h. My parents
picked my up from the bus station before Catherine's father arrived.

We did some stops. I got here a couple of minutes after 17h.

I showered and shaved.

I didn't shave well enough. I don't look good.

I have this dark cloud of thoughts from which rains phrases of hate.

I won't look.

They will laugh. Everyone will say something and someone will do something.

I've looked at myself.

I have reasons to think I'll be fine. I want to do this.

Tonight I'll sleep alone again.

We didn't see any familiar face in the restaurant.

The burger had cheese in it. I ate it anyway.

I told Catherine how there was a time in my life where I hated pickles, mayo
and cheese.

I ate her pickle. I had my fries with mayo instead of ketchup. I didn't return
the burger.

After finishing our food, we went to the supermarket and bought condoms.

There was only a flavoured one left, vanilla. The one before was chocolate.

The cheapest kind of trojans in the supermarket were 49 MXN. We almost picked
those when I saw the 5 MXN ones.

We payed and went back.

The days before there had been a lot of german people. Blond and tall people.

How is Johanna? There has been months since we have talked.

Is her mother ok?

Is she?

Yesterday there were Sonoran students instead. When we returned there was
a group of them outside, screaming and drinking. Some talked to us but I didn't
hear what they said. I ignored them. They made me think of the mexican girls in
Portugal.

"Don't let her slip through your fingers. She's a great girl, there are not
a lot like her", told me one of them referring to Johanna.

"She has a boyfriend."

"...So what?"

Johanna didn't go to Portugal. That exchange happened in Granada.

Helena was in Portugal.

We bought a bottle of water and returned, finally, to our hotel room.

We showered together.

No, I did it first while she cleaned up the room.

I waited in the bathroom until she finished showering and then she covered my
eyes and guided me. We touched each other.

She tied my hands and my legs, then I did hers.

She put make up on me.

We took pictures.

I curled my eyelashes and she put make up on my face.

I looked at myself.

She put the mascara and then the eyeliner. She didn't like it so we cleaned it
off. The form of my eyelid doesn't go well with it.

"You should try the pencil, but that you have to do it yourself."

I did.

Then, lipstick.

I did see myself. I saw me, again, at the very end. It wasn't something bad. It
was new, different.

It wasn't, though, the change I hoped.

She put the mask on me and then we did what we do.

We took pictures in front of the mirror. Of our faces, our smiles, our eyes.
I kissed her cheek and left a red signature on it. Everything is captured.

I would... both of us would not see them until the end.

We touched each other. Everything went well.

"After this, can we try penetration?" She asked.

It was an innocent question. It wasn't her fault. It wasn't mine either. I lost
the erection.

I don't want them, I don't ususally need them. I do need them for keeping the
condom on. And I do need a condom for penetrating with it.

There was something in the idea that I didn't want. The vanilla one that I was
wearing was a pain to take off.

I said yes, anyway.

I tried to put on another one and asked for her help.

She penetrated me, but I hesitated. If I orgasm, I wouldn't be able to even
try.

She did it anyway.

And I got one.

I tried putting one of the new ones, but it was impossible.

I was 20 again in a room with Monica trying to put it on.

I was a man again. I was a man with make up on his face, a broken penis, and
a confused mind.

I couldn't do anything to avoid crying.

After that, we saw the pictures.

Like the time before, we saw them, one by one, and said _yes_ or _no_.

I've never liked a picture of me as much as I liked several of those. I saw my
smile and I saw my laugh. I saw my eyes and, in them, I saw myself.

Will I look like that ever again?

### Sunday, October 18th, 2015 "There will be two Harry Potters in the party."

"No, but... she's Hermione."

I dressed the part, but not at home.

I left with the bag on my shoulder and the clothes in it. Dark pants with
squares and a red shirt. Those were the clothes I wore until I got to
Catherine's house. I was nervous. I changed pants because of it. Maybe, if
I didn't like it, I could put the pants on with the blouse and it wouldn't look
abnormal. It was my backup plan.

I arrived at her house a little after I confirmed my presence with a text
message. Catherine waited for me outside and pointed towards her porch.
I understood that she wanted me to park just in front of her house.

I was sixteen again, failing the driving test. I was sixteen again, breaking my
mother's flower pot. I didn't know it, yet.

I couldn't get in and she waved her hand. I didn't listen but knew something
was wrong. I felt the bump as I pulled out.

I finally rolleed down the window and she was irritated. I had knocked down the
rocks of her porch with my car.

Why did I try to get in? She never told me to put it in there; I could had just
parked on the sidewalk. I didn't roll down the window, I didn't listen.

"Will your father tell you off?"

"Not me."

Now he would see me all dressed up.

_The faggot drives like a woman, too._

I was sad. I felt anger coming from her in her sight, her words.

How would I dress now?

Even her dog was mad at me again.

It passed off.

I took the clothes out and put them on one by one.

The thights, the blouse and the skirt. _Tucked in or out?_

The necktie. _No, too tight, a little looser._

She did my hair.

It was time for the make up. She wanted me to do it. I did it almost all the
day before. Except I didn't.

I wanted to look good, acceptable. Now I'd be seen.

I sat where she did my hair and she did help me with the make up.

The shave was imperfect. There were spots here and there like little hints of
the _truth_ I'd try to hide. I knew the make up wouldn't cover them all. I just
want them to go unnoticed.

I could do my own eyes. I've seen how.

The phone rang and she had to pick it up. It was her father. Her mother had
told him to go home right now. She was alone with me. There were messages from
her, too, to her cellphone, asking her why wasn't she answering.

She knew they didn't need her.

We took pictures and she posted them on Facebook where Eusebio and Jessica had
posted theirs. _Harry and Hermione_, it said.

The capes were not on. I was smiling. I think I wasn't wearing any lipstick.

Would Monica see the picture? She had stalked Catherine's posts before. She
looked at my stuff just as I looked at hers. Would she look at Catherine's in
search of a glimpse of me? Would it change a thing?

We drove. Her father didn't see me.

We would make a stop at an Oxxo first.

It's not Halloween yet; people did notice us.

There were girls and other people who looked our way as we entered. They
smiled, they snickered. We looked our parts. We went looking for what we were
there.

Two other girls were dressed in costumes, too. Catherine answered their
question and they turned, seeing the both us. It was Andrea and her friend from
work.

She presented me with the wrong name.

"The sexes have changed. They don't matter now." Something like that was said
by someone.

I had glasses and looked as a man still.

The cashier make his observation about being to Harrys and Andrea's friend
corrected him in a whisper.

Was that what I wanted?

There were almost no people at the party. Andrea's boyfriend received us and
recognized me.

Why was I surprised? Everyone would do. I had to remind myself it was just
a fantasy. I took off my glasses as if I were unable to see people, they might
be incapable of seeing me, too.

I looked for our friends out the window. Without my glasses, I saw only bodies.
I mistook them a couple of times.

I looked again and I heard a word that sounded like a mistake again.

"Iván, why don't you say _Hi_?" They recognized me, too.

They weren't surprised. We had said we'd go as Hermione and Harry. They sure
had suspected it.

Paola, on the other hand did make a face that I was able to see since she was
just right in front of me. Was it surprise? Was she going to make a comment?
Was it just all in my mind?

They took pictures. All of us did. A couple of them are on Instagram. People
commented and liked those and the one Catherine posted in her house.

I liked them but not as much as the ones from the day before. One of them is on
my phone right now. Another is on my own Instagram.

Will it be seen? Will it be liked?

Will Monica look at that one?

Does it show _sufficient physical changes_?

_We all wear masks and the time comes when we cannot remove them without
removing some of our own skin._

### Monday, October 19th, 2015 "You are a couple of pretty girls."

Catherine came to pick me up. She was late because of traffic in the main
Boulevard. She took a different way and got to my house 15 minutes before the
start of her session.

There would not be Psycholinguistics class today.

I woke up early. Maybe rising in the morning turned itself into an habit.

The picture of us in masks was public. It got only five likes. People saw it
but they ignored it.

Did they? Maybe they didn't ignore it.

What could they say? What reaction could they have gotten?

I wanted to avoid reactions. I wanted to say things and let them know without
me seeing their reactions. Now that I got that, I started to want the thing
I was avoiding.

I posted another picture of Guimaraes. The one of the church and the statue. It
got several likes. Not much later it surpassed the other one.

Only two people I know liked the masks picture. Catherine was one and the other
one was Anahí.

_My likes are precious_. Anahí had told me before.

I wanted to ask her about it.

_What did you think? What did you feel?_

I wanted to know.

It felt pathetic, the idea of asking the only person from which it got
attention.

I went to sleep with that idea in my head.

I dreamed several things. In one of them we went to the zoo. My grandma and
mother were in there. There was a line to enter. They had to register their
purses.

I can't remember what was the problem. There were other people. The cashier,
the host, and the entrance guy. He started talking about the different lines to
get in. There were different lines for men and for women. He pointed at me and
clarified.

"...and your boy, he has a bit of both. He has to pick a line.

He said something about waiting in a circle and getting in later. My parents
thought the idea was idiotic. Why couldn't I get in the boys' line? I put
a face like it was absurd, too. But on the inside I felt flattered. I felt
noticed.

When I woke up, the idea of asking Anahí wasn't so absurd anymore.

It wasn't just that. I wanted to say something else. I wanted to tell her of my
name.

Then I settled on only mentioning the picture.

I thanked her for the like, but I didn't ask anything about it. Again, I put
myself in front and offered myself, but did not asked what I wanted.

That had to change. It has to change soon.

I accompanied Catherine to her therapy. She gave notice that she would arrive
a little late. It didn't matter, she told me. The next two hours after her
session are when Lilliana goes to eat.

She entered and her session started. She could talk about what happened in
Mexicali or Saturday in the party. It could be about the messages of her
mother. It could be about a lot of things. And of a lot of things she talked
about while I waited outside.

I played with my Game Boy. I lost another pokemon. It's funny how now the
little losses hurt a little different.

Eusebio liked the picture. I noticed it and liked it.

Did he notice?

What did he see?

What did he think?

Was I recognized? Did he see me?

I didn't tell Anahí, but I did tell my brother about my costume when I arrived
home.

We skipped Vinicio's class again. Will that get us in trouble?

We went to the beach. We ate pizza and then went to Argana. The menu is
different. There are new plates, too. When the server asked us if we wanted
a hookah, he asked to see our ids. It's been a long time since the last time we
went.

My brother will go in a costume to a party the day before Halloween.

I showed him my cape and he asked if he could borrow it. He'd play me a match
in Smash for it, he proposed.

"What pants did you wear?"

I told him I wore no pants.

"We went as Harry and Hermione."

"Which one were you?"

I didn't answer.

Was my silence answer enough?

Did he laugh? Did he say anything at all?

When I accepted his offer and won the match, I asked him if he was going as
Hermione.

He told me people would laugh at him.

Nobody laugh at me, did they? I found funny how that was his concern until
I remembered it had been my worry, too.

I didn't tell Anahí my name but I told, kind of, my brother about my costume.

I told almost everything to Paola.

"What's important is that you know about the support from the people you love."

I am not alone.

### Tuesday, October 20th, 2015 "I saw it. You were also wearing make up,
weren't you, Iván?"

I drove to school. I woke up from a dream and replied to Catherine's message as
soon as it got in.

My grandmother had disappeared my pillow and there was the heart again. That
frilly and lacey white heart-shaped pillow.

I hated it.

Why do I always dream of selecting my clothes and going to the bathroom to take
a shower?

Choosing my clothes, the outfit that I'll wear. There is a significant
symbolism in the clothes I choose. It was the first sign I noticed about what
I wanted, they were the first changes that were noted in me.

And the bath? What does it mean to clean myself? Is it a renovation? Cleanse?

It's the moment in the day were I am naked and most vulnerable. It's when
I look at myself.

I replied to her text and, just like those dreams, took my clothes and got
ready.

I'd have to be early in school for the presentation of the research in which
I participated. Catherine sent me a snapchat where she had liked herself in the
reflection.

I answered with something, but I can't remember what.

After returning from the bathroom, I took another one in underwear.

We left at the same time but I got earlier to school.

Today was one of my best days yet I am just on the computer. I've been tempted
by the idea of going to bed and sleep. I am tired, I am exhausted. I feel no
energy or will.

Tomorrow I'll wake up early again; the next day, too. It will be my next
session since telling my mom; and Paola; since wearing the mask, or putting on
make up; since going to the party, or posting the picture.

A lot of things have happened that maybe I have not processed yet.

In a conversation with Anahí, she said we were not the ones who mentioned the
pokemon condoms. She used the male plural pronoun to refer to us. I didn't
noticed until later.

Why does it hurt?

I hate being so soft and delicate. I should be able to bear it. It's the right
ones The natural one. I am a man. I am male.

They gave me a survey in Vinicio's class. One like the ones we had to do in our
second year, three years ago. Seventy items and two identification questions.
_Age_ and _sex_.

I got angry whenever they asked for my gender because I didn't dare to put
_female_. Now that they put sex and gave me the possible answers, I felt caged.

Could I not answer? What would happen if I'd let it blank?

What would happen if I were to answer what I wanted?

With gender I can argue that it's true. My gender is one thing that they can't
verify. But sex is natural, sex is something I can't hide with clothes or make
up. Not even between my legs can I hide it. It's there and it'll still be
there.

I didn't mind it... I don't.

Not yet.

I wanted to ask Anahí's thoughts of the picture. To learn of someone's
reaction.

While I told Paola my secrets and opened the communication in our friendship,
Catherine confirmed the offer they had given that day. We could told them
whatever we wanted, any theme. Would they reciprocate? Could it be really any
theme?

They said yes and started talking about the masks. Eusebio saw the picture.
I was wearing make up, wasn't I?

He used the male adjective and my name. He doesn't have any reason to not use
them. That's the name he knows. I haven't asked to be called anything else or
in any other way.

I did ask him to refer to me in the exact same way. He is doing what he knows,
what was asked of him.

It still hurts.

I liked that picture because I liked how I looked. Because I saw it and, in it,
those same eyes that I've imagined and dreamed about. I saw the face
I sometimes find in the mirror. I saw a face which I could wear and live with.
It fit. It wasn't a woman's face. It was _my face_.

And with his question, reality hit. It was the picture of Iván and Catherine.
It was the picture of a boy and a girl wearing make up and playing with gender.

The same way as when we went out as Harry and Hermione, everyone just saw Iván
and Catherine in disguise, playing with gender once again.

It's like I'm playing with fire and I have burned myself.

### Wednesday, October 21st, 2015 "Do you like it? For me or for you?"

Catherine would pick me up. We would go to the school in the morning and have
the rest of the day until our class in the afternoon.

In the middle of the night I woke up and changed my shorts for pants and took
a blanket from my closet. The warmth was cozy and let me rest more than the
other first half of the night. I didn't want to wake up. I didn't want the day
to start.

I am tired, I need to sleep. I saw the message from Catherine and asked her at
what time I needed to rise. I had 20 minutes more and made use of even the last
second of them.

I showered and got ready. I opened the door for her without my shirt inviting
her in.

I can't remember if it was before or after.

No, first, we went to the school.

We met with Victor outside of the elementary school and with the sub-principal
in her own office.

Tomorrow we will apply the survey in the morning. 8h we will be there to start.
Today I had to get up early and I dreaded the idea of having therapy at 10h.
Tomorrow I'd have to wake up 2 hours earlier.

In less than 20 minutes we were all set and out of the school. We came back to
my house.

Again, I let her in.

We changed our tops.

I took two pictures of us. In one of them I'm over her. Both of our tops are
open. She's wearing the red flannel with black squares and I her dark red
sleeveless blouse, with the black strap loose on my shoulder. My small breasts
covered by a black bra are over her purple one. One of her breasts is covered
by the palm of my hand. Our lips are sealed in a kiss.

I came at the end. She finished twice before.

We put our clothes back on. We were both hungry.

The pharmacy was our next stop. I needed my life pills. I finished today the
last two pills from the three bottles my father bought for me. I bought the new
ones.

We ordered a club sandwich and two wheat waters from the pharmacy's cafeteria.

The pharm lady took my prescription and read it. I then said aloud the name of
the pills.

_Flouxetine_, I called them, as if I was recognizing my bastard child for the
first time.

She grabbed the boxes and gave them to me.

"Are these yours, young man?", asked the cashier.

"Yes, they are his."

Will that be the same exchange when I buy hormones? Or will they read the
prescription and just give them to me?

Will they ask if they're _the young man's_?

Why would a young man need female hormones?

Will I still be a young man? Will I look like one?

Am I one now?

We went to Dax, the store. Catherine wanted to buy a pair of tweezers. We
looked at the eyelash curlers.

She already has one; it wasn't for her. Neither of us said anything, we just
started looking for it.

I had given it a thought, but I said nothing.

I can't remember what we looked for next. Was it the lipsticks or the
eyeliners? After what did we talk about buying things for me too?

We ended up spending more than 300 MXN when she was going only for tweezers. We
bought the card for Anahí. It's for a fifteen year old girl, pink, and talks
about God. She bought the tweezers, something for her nails, and two lipsticks.
I bought the same tweezers, the eyelash curler, an eyeliner, a clear mascara,
a lipstick, and an angrybirds pencil bag to hold everything.

I'm supposed to be relieved of the need to hide myself and be calm to be
exposed as myself. Why do I feel, then, the need to hide this little bag full
of make up inside my underwear drawer?

In the school we exchanged lipsticks after she tried all of them. The last one,
mine, was the lighter. A light pink one. It looked fake and childish. I thought
I would look like a little girl playing to be her mother.

Is that what I am?

I was supposed to take it easy. I should calm down and assimilate all of the
things that have happened.

I didn't ask Anahí about the picture and I haven't said the name to anyone.

Instead, I bought make up and hid it.

With what about the past two weeks will I start tomorrow's therapy session?

Why do I want to show him the picture?

### Thursday, October 22nd, 2015 "I left Iván in his house. He went to therapy
and I returned to my home."

Today is the last time of the week that I'll wake up early.

I was going to go to therapy in the morning, but I ended up having to get up
even earlier to go apply the surveys to the elementary school's children.
Catherine would pick me up after my mother left.

She arrived just on time.

We went in her car to pick up Andie at the Burger King. She was supposed to
arrive at 7h30, but she sent us a text message saying she would be 10 minutes
late.

We had the appointment with the school at 8h. That was the time she called to
tell us the taxi left her a block ahead.

We arrived to the school just in time. I was wearing Catherine's old jeans and
a long shirt. I had my hair tied on my back. I looked normal. It was like any
other day.

I didn't want to apply the surveys. I just wanted to stay in bed and sleep.

We left Andie in a classroom, Catherine and I stayed in the other one. After
half an hour we were done.

Catherine went there to see how things were going. After she came back, I was
the one who went to accompany Andie.

The little kids' eyes were set on me. I could feel their attention burning me.
I met their eyes and saw their curiosity in them. They whispered to themselves.
They smiled and stared even more.

What did they see? How did I look?

Was I not as normal as I had thought?

Catherine drove us back to my house. She, accidentally, stayed behind a red
light in the wrong way. The cars coming our way saw her with scorn. They didn't
played their claxons nor screamed anything. Catherine's uncomfortableness was
felt by all of us.

I would drive to my therapy, so I offered Andie a ride. After leaving her in
Plaza Rio, I drove back towards René's office.

There was a bus stopped letting people in so I drove around it. The sun blinded
me and my foot slipped on the pedals. I accelerated when I meant to break.
I stopped even harder and the tires screamed as the young man ran in front of
me getting out of the way of my coming car.

A woman with her family stopped besides me. The window was rolled down and her
words splashed as dirty water upon my face.

"Girl, you shouldn't be going so fast."

The sunlight was in front of me and the patrol lights on my back. It's siren
told me to get to the side.

I was given a warning and let go.

I didn't show René the picture.

We talked about Mexicali while we waited to the other psychologist to open
another office for him. He forgot the keys for his. I helped him to move around
the couches.

The session was ten minutes longer.

Maybe my phimosis is a way to avoid penetration.

"It's covered then, so it's really like a big clitoris", he suggested about my
penis.

I have advanced a lot and yet I cried several times today because nothing has
really changed. Everything is still the same. I am still the same.

After the session, I drove to Catherine's house and she made me breakfast. We
lied down on her sofa and I fell asleep.

"Sofi", her whispers woke me. We had to leave for class.

I read the conversation she had with Anahí while I was in therapy. They talked
about a lot of things. She told her how she took me, _Iván_, him, to his house
for him to go to his session.

Her words burned me. It were like scolding flames ripping my flesh. I felt the
same thing I did when I read Eusebio's sentence about my picture.

We are a boy and a girl.

I am a boy. I am him, _Iván_.

I felt a huge sadness and hopelessness. I couldn't tell her what I felt because
I didn't know then.

I read her words in the white paper and felt worse.

She sent me a text saying "I love you, pretty girl".

It was a lie.

I was Iván. Iván is neither pretty nor a girl.

Why did she lie?

I felt huge, and heavy, and hideous. I am an ogre covered in shit.

Our patient didn't arrive and we observed another one.

We slept then in the library's parking lot before meeting with Eusebio and
Jessica.

"Did Eusebio show it to you?", someone asked Jessica.

The masks picture was loaded in Eusebio's phone.

"How are you in Instagram?" She asked to look me up.

_Sophie_, I thought, but my mouth knew better.

She looked at the picture and commented about my eyes and my lips.

Who is the one in that picture, Iván or Sofía?

Which of them am I?

### Friday, October 23rd, 2015 "I don't want to be Iván, anymore."

"What will you do first to stop being him?"

"I don't know. I just know I don't want to."

"Do you want to be Sofía?"

"Yes."

"You can start by introducing yourself as Sofía."

Yesterday I told her I wouldn't go to school today. I felt anxious, and sad,
and miserable. I felt guilty, and useless, and weak. I went to bed and that
didn't help with the presentation.

I thought about the day, everything that happened. The police, the children's
eyes, the woman's comment, Jessica's reaction to the picture, Catherine's
comment.

"It's a great step forward."

I have done a lot lately, but everything is still the same.

I am still the same. It doesn't matter what I do, I am still Iván. Even to
Catherine, it seemed.

Catherine talked with me about our graduation. Her friend Eunice cancelled on
her because of economic reasons. She would still pay her but she won't go. It
didn't make any sense.

Catherine remembered the feeling that nobody would do things for her the same
way she does for others.

I thought about mentioning myself and the words I had told her once. _I will go
because of you. I want to be with you. I don't want to leave you alone_. I kept
them to myself, but she still remembered. She told me she saw herself holding
my hand the whole party.

I went to sleep with the idea of asking her if she imagined me wearing a long
dress, my eyes painted black, and my lips full and red.

I woke up, fell back to sleep, and woke up again.

I battled with the idea of going or not.

I was scared. What if I failed again? What if the sadness won?

I went to shower and ask Cahterine to come pick me up. She accepted and
I buttoned the shirt in front of the body mirror in my bedroom.

After I did my hair, I decided I'd try to curl my eyelashes. Nobody would
notice it, anyway. Now that would be a good thing. I could do it for me alone.
In the back of my head I thought _even if I wanted them, they would still not
notice it_. I curled them and put on the clear mascara.

Was there a change? Not even I could see difference.

The first class started at 16h. By 15h, Catherine had left her house already.
She sent a picture and several texts letting me know there was heavy traffic on
her way. She was a little late and I wondered if we could get there on time.

It wasn't until she took me back home that she mentioned she had notice
a difference. She did see how my eyes looked a little different.

We gave our presentation before Andie arrived. She entered the classroom
a couple of minutes after we had already finished. She seemed sad, like
something dark was on her mind and something heavy on her chest. She sat in the
back of the classroom. She was gone by the time everyone returned from break.

We did the role-playing. I invited Catherine with my eyes to go ahead and
volunteer. I wanted her to and she considered it, too.

Ana Karen went first and cried when Zayra gave her feedback. I was going to
tell Catherine—again, silently, only with my eyes—when I saw the water in hers.

Something bothered her, but I couldn't see what. It was then that we had
a 5-minute break.

I walked with her and put my arm around her. She was going to go after her.

When Zayra talked about judgement, vulnerability, and accepting compliments,
her words danced around Catherine's head; they surrounded her and taunted her.

We were some of the first ones to come back after break. Zayra asked Catherine
if she was going to pass now, but she confessed how she was feeling.

Hilda was with us, too, and offered us some of her dry peas.

I thought I would hate them.

The four of us talked like we were friends.

Catherine didn't pass in front, but I did.

I was a patient again. A middle aged man who left his family behind to come to
work in a new country.

I was the patient, but it was Ana who cried.

Was it something I said?

I laughed and smiled and made jokes. I, the suicidal trans girl. I, the one who
just yesterday was hopelessly in bed drowning in her own sadness.

Hilda cried, later, after Zayra spoke of her own grief when her father died.

In that moment my phone started ringing and broke the intimate silence. I was
embarrassed and my face was as red as Hilda's.

In Catherine's notes she wrote the title and the date. In the note from when
I passed, I could read _Ana-Sofía_.

### Sunday, October 25th, 2015 I missed it.

I forgot.

55 days was my longest streak.

I was lying on my stomach, with the tablet playing videos where my head should
rest on my pillow. What was it that reminded me?

_Stolen dance_.

The song that reminds me of Portugal.

I wasn't on my bed. I was in Europe once again.

It's late in the night and I can't sleep. I'm sitting on the bus, Consuela next
to me. The ride is long and I'm drowsy.

We already crossed the border to Portugal.

It's so different to how I am used to. There is no line or booths; there are no
police officers who ask questions.

There is just a sign and a change of language. I don't know exactly where it
ends and where it starts.

We are in Guimaraes, the first city we will visit. They dropped all of us in
the _Praça central_. There is a castle building with a huge lettering that says
_Aqui nasceu Portugal_.

I saw Helena, but I don't remember exactly when.

I won't be conscious of her until she takes the picture of Consuela and me
inside of the castle. We want a picture together and she comes and offers to
take it for us. Blonde, thin, hair barely grazing her dark eyes that drown in
her snowy skin.

I was the one who start the conversation.

We are walking towards where we will eat. Polo and Jamal invited the two of us
to eat with them. Polo was already talking to her and I introduced myself.

"Another psychologist", he mocks us.

We eat. We talk and walk. I hear her name, but I won't remember it.

Did she get mine?

We will be put in the same hostel room when we get to Portugal. We will explore
Braga together and she will accompany me to the beach on the last day in Porto.
I'll write of her two years after returning to Mexico and, in this moment,
I have no idea of all of this.

Night comes down on all of us. We have returned to Porto and we have all come
to dinner.

Is she sitting beside me? Does it matter?

We all drink. There is limitless drinks. Pitchers and pitchers of wine and
_caipirinha_.

We are now in the club. We walked here; there were several of us.

Johanna was supposed to come on this trip. I wanted her to be here in Portugal,
but she had to return home because of her family. Her mother is sick.

I am with Helena instead. By now, I know her name. This time I won't forget it.
I have it on my mind when I can barely be.

We are dancing in group, there is Polo and Consuela, some Spanish girls, and
other unimportant people. One by one they start to dissapear in the crowd.

Or are we the ones who go away?

We are alone and dancing. There is music but I can't hear it.

_I want you. We can bring it on the floor. I've never dance like this
before..._

_We won't talk about it. Shouldn't talk about it._

I think of another name and face. And then suddenly I don't.

I think of nothing while we get closer and closer.

Little by little we go towards the floor as I pull her hands and slowly drop
down. Without letting off we come back up and get even closer. There is now
nothing between us.

For the first time in months my head is blank. I think of nothing when I put my
lips between hers. She reciprocates and a light burns.

I think of a name, but it's not hers. I think of a face that it's not hers.

We keep dancing and I kiss her again to erase Monica from my mind.

I kiss her lips but Monica's kiss me back.

I push Monica away and pull Helena close.

The three of us are dancing in the dark.

I whisper something in her ear and Helena makes the music stop. There is
complete silence when she asks me to go outside to talk.

"This is not what I want."

Which of the two of them is the one who is talking to me outside the club?

I'll spend nights debating with the idea of talking to her or not, thinking of
the picture of her hopping in the water and smiling as I shoot her with her own
camera.

I think of her notebook. I think of our trip, our encounters, and that little
notebook.

I think of her words and I remember mine.

It's too late. The clock kept running. Time caught up with us and she left. We
said our goodbyes.

Time caught up with me again, and the day passed, and I lost. I lost my 55
days.

_I talked with my mother and she knows everything about me._

A little less than 2 months, just like the time I haven't talked with Monica.

Should I break that streak of silence, too?

### Monday, October 26th, 2015 _Longest streak: 55 days._

It's over. Yesterday was the first day after the forgotten one.

I wrote the words in the first minutes of the Sunday, so I was already done.

I wrote that sentence in every screen in my house. It was in my phone, in the
tablet, in the monitor of my room. I would open the little book that covers my
phone and see the sentence with the full intention of sending it out.

I would close the book and change my mind.

What was stopping me? Of what was I so afraid?

I lost count of the number of times I would turn the screen on and off.

Luis invited me to play with him. I opened the tablet and clicked the send
button. I tried to forget about it and left the room.

The match wasn't over yet when I couldn't and returned to it.

"And how are you feeling?"

"Are you a couple now?" I then asked her.

"Yes."

What was I expecting? I am in a relationship of months already. We have slept
together and woken in the middle of the night to have sex.

Why does it feel weird inside? I was telling the truth when I told Catherine
I didn't want Monica back.

I don't.

Is it sadness? Disappointment?

I feel bad for her. At the same time, I hope he makes her miserable.

That makes me feel guilty.

Maybe it wasn't the right time to come back and talk.

I sent her a picture of me with my black eyes and the white shirt.

I let Catherine see me in person. We waited outside the theater for Miguel's
sister and the tickets.

I wanted her to see me, too.

Why?

I didn't want her to want me. I wanted her to see me. To look at me and _see_
me.

The back pain woke up with me this morning. Catherine insinuated in a playful
matter that I had just talked with Monica.

Could it be really a factor? I talked with my mom and woke up with pain.
I opened up with Monica and the pain now resurfaced.

I wrote a message to Anahí and sent it.

"I never told you, but I really liked the times you referred to me in feminine.
I don't know if you did it because of Catherine, or because you just wanted to,
or, I don't know, whatever. It felt really nice. Thank you."

I had the answer of that message I had sent to Johanna. I told her how I had
been thinking of her and wondering how she has been.

I didn't tell her I remembered her because of Helena nor that I was worried
about her mother. I thought that if something had happened and she wanted me to
know, she would share it. In her reply there wasn't a mention of her mother so
either nothing happened or it's not of my business.

She noted my absence from Facebook.

I was in front of Eusebio and Jessica.

I am here, in the Foodtruck garden. We are seating in a wooden table. Catherine
is by my side, Jessica in front of me, and Eusebio by her side.

Jessica has started talking about the elephant in the room.

I am crying.

No, I haven't started yet.

I just started opening up and sharing. I mention Facebook, how I deleted it.

"I noticed", Jessica commented.

Like an observation to herself, a comment that wasn't meant to be listened.

I did listen.

It was meaningful to me. Nobody was supposed to notice. I was invisible.

Johanna, with another life in another country—in another continent—noted my
absence.

Did she look for me?

If I died would she know?

If I changed, would she notice?

I started opening to everybody and yet the thought of telling her had not
crossed my mind.

What would she say? What would she think?

Would I expect a reaction? Would she even care at all?

Would it matter?

Did I think about all of this when I read the message or was it after we drank
with Hilda?

Vinicio didn't come to class.

When we were waiting, Iván told us he had just turned 25.

A little after we finished the survey of burnout, I got these urges. I wanted
the bitter taste of a cold beer. I didn't want a cocktail or something mixed.
I wanted a dark beer.

I told Catherine and we invited Hilda to come with us.

We talked about things. Chile; Spain. Maybe there it was that I thought about
it.

Just yesterday, Catherine reminded me how she could see herself telling Hilda
about me.

I wanted to tell Anahí about my name, but didn't.

Is that the feeling I have in my belly right now? Is that the urge I feel?

Or is it something else that I have not said what needs to come out?

### Tuesday, October 27th, 2015 "My girlfriend..."

"...my girlfriend"

"My Cathy..."

"My Sofi."

"My black soul."

I had a test.

What happened? What was the thing from today?

I have all the memories. All of what happened I have it displayed inside my
head, but I can't focus on anything.

There is a cut on my elbow that is stinging as I rest my arm in the chair. Two
lines like a scratch of a little mouse. It was the bite of the disposable razor
as I cleaned it from the long hairs of my legs.

I couldn't get myself together to get out of bed.

Catherine and I chatted with Anahí.

I tried to tell her yesterday about my name but I didn't.

In the night I asked Catherine how would she say it.

"I'd tell her first about the name I used for you...", she explains.

We are in Ensenada. We have come to the meeting for the students who'll leave
the city to study abroad.

There are groups of us, some will go someplace within the country and others
will go outside.

I had this idea of actually meeting people. Meet face to face and get to know
each others' names and faces with the other people who'll go to Spain,
specifically to Salamanca.

Who are the other 9 people? Who is the one who took my first place with the
scholarship?

I haven't meet a single person with whom I'll go there. Not one.

I won't meet anyone here.

Everything is just conferences and talks. Old experiences of the ones who've
returned.

I am disappointed.

I hear them and look at the pictures of the contest. I feel anxious and full of
emotion and anticipation.

I think of how I might one day give my own talk or present my own pictures of
Spain.

In the future, I won't end up giving a talk but I will send a picture. It won't
win.

Outside, after hearing of the visa and the requirements to enter Spain,
I isolate myself.

I want to be alone but I don't know exactly why.

Have I broken up with Monica, yet?

Yes, we broke up in the summer.

Am I still sad because of her? Or am I just lonely?

I see Catherine talk with someone from Arica, Chile.

I force myself to meet at least one person.

I get close to this girl who went to A Coruña. She has another girl by her
side. One is from Mexicali and the other from Galicia.

I fall in love with the girl's accent. I could hear her all day. I imagine her
whispering something in my ear in the shadow of the night.

I talk with this girl from Mexicali and hear her experience. I ask her
questions and get answers in return.

I'll add her later to Facebook. I still don't know she knows my cousin Xennia.
She'll comment on my pictures while I'll be in Europe.

Her name is the one with which Catherine will confuse mine. She'll call me
_Abril_ one time and later it will become a playful nickname.

"...then, I would say something about how despite it's still a difficult thing
to ask for, it's been harder to keep hearing and being referred by a name that
feel strange and foreign.

"I would tell her I found another name with which I identify. I would tell her
I have been wondering if she could use it, too."

She answered early in the morning and her text was the first thing I read when
I woke up.

The two of them were talking and I introduced myself to their conversation. We
were talking about Halloween and what we'll do this Saturday. Anahí said
something about her green card and my sentri.

"Tú sí estás jodida", she then noted referring to my visa.

I read it and it was, different. I felt this kind of warm inside my chest and
smiled as I read it again.

We were talking with her again while we waited for Vinicio after Zayra's test.
He showed us a session of him treating a schizophrenic woman. It was
interesting. I liked this class. I would never had imagined before today that
I would end up using Gestalt theory or Solution-centered therapy.

I didn't remember today's course.

We ate tomato and clam juice with fruit and little fried noodles. Catherine
asked for a free celery.

We bought a wrap for the both of us. There was another guy making them, but we
ended up with the usual one.

Manuel Mejía­gave the lecture. It was nice, I found it interesting.

There was a lot about stats that I didn't remember anymore.

I fucking hated the speech Lupita gave because of the absence.

I was one from the people who stopped coming. I was not even a little guilty
about it. I wanted to speak, yet again I felt this knot in my throat. Will
I actually send an email about it?

I felt, though, the need to say it later when I told Manuel about the reason we
stopped going.

He smiled awkwardly and asked us that the important thing—or at least the thing
he was more interested in knowing—was if today's session was how we imagined.

We left the hall around 20h30, but Catherine and I didn't exit the parking lot
until two hours later.

One thing after another led us to talk with Hilda.

She knows about my antidepressants and I know about her relationship.

I have changed, she noted.

I do feel different.

This is not the change I want.

I shaved three times today. I did four passes with the razor on my face and
they weren't enough. It doesn't matter how deep I try to cut, the little black
spots don't disappear.

### Wednesday, October 28th, 2015 "Awkward question, but... do I keep calling
you Iván... or how? or..."

Is everything gonna come easily for me?

Had I already forgotten about telling her?

I saw her typing in the conversation, but never wondered that it would be about
this.

No, I am lying, I did think of it.

When I read it and confirmed it, I felt excited. I was waiting for that.

Why did she ask?

Has she talked about me with Isaias?

Maybe.

He told her how she could try to gain contacts from _the community_ when we
were talking about going to Pride.

"Monica, what a bitch!"

What did I feel when Anahí said that?

Other times I would have defended her. Make up some excuse for her. Maybe say
something about how it was difficult to assimilate. _I was her boyfriend, her
partner._ _It was a sudden change._

I felt none of that when I read it. I accepted it.

No, it surprised me. I thought of her as a bitch for a lot of different
reasons.

But was that one one of them?

I remember feeling angry with her. She denied me. I felt sad. She talked of
_her woman_ about Luis. I was furious. It was just a game to her but to me it
was a reality. It was a cruel and sadistic reality.

"No, not Iván anymore.

"Sofía."

Catherine would later come pick me up.

She arrived, but I wasn't completely ready. I was dressed and my hair was done.
I was shoe-less, with the eyelash-curler in my hands when the phone vibrated.
I took the eye pencil and wondered about something.

I wanted to surprise her. I was wearing all black and wanted my eyes to match.
The shirt was lying flat over my mattress. I finished with both eyes and put
the shirt on as I went for the door. I showed her the flipflop on my foot and
invited her in.

We lied on my bed and kissed.

I'm hers and she's mine.

The jeans were in my backpack and my phone was on the bed. A darker spot
appeared on my leg. I got to the bathroom to get clean.

We took off to the usual hookah place. There was a lot of traffic and
I suddenly realized I had forgotten my phone. It was both my phone and my
money.

We went back and I ran for it. We took a different way this time.

We entered and I didn't feel the eyes on me this time.

I didn't care.

Whether they noticed or not, what difference would it make?

I thought about staying like this even for the class.

I would change my mind later.

There is a picture of our food, her gyro, my burger and our Tabbouleh. There is
a another picture of me lying on my back. The view from my neck, over my chest
to my raised legs. There is different one of her with me by her back, tying my
hair and smiling.

Do we look like ourselves? I can't fathom the idea of looking like me and still
being recognized.

She touched me. She touched me when we were on my bed, then as we lied on the
pillows, and another time when she drove us back to school.

Finally, when she found a parking spot in the opposite side from the faculty
I returned her the favor. I caressed her and slid two fingers inside of her.
She helped me to give her pleasure.

I saw how she closed her eyes and the car gave little jumps. I whispered in her
ear how everyone would see us. The guard might come whenever she does. Even if
nobody were to see us right then, we would go to class and we would smell like
this. Everyone would smell the sex from us and they would know what we did.

I changed clothes and we walked towards the classroom.

René called me to change the time of our next session.

I'll wake up tomorrow early in the morning to drive Miguel to school and then
I'll have one more hour of sleep.

I didn't took notes. Why should I?

There is only 4 weeks of classes left and then everything will be over.

_It's just school._

I used to say that phrase and it had a whole different meaning.

School will end. Life as a student, as a child.

Life as Iván ended for another person now.

Anahí now knows. Anahí asked and I told her. Does it count like me asking her?

Will I keep talking to Monica?

Will I ask her, too? Or will I demand it?

Hilda spoke about setting limits. Am I ready to put one and actually letting
her go?

### Thursday, October 29th, 2015 "You are in the process of becoming _Sofía_,
for that you have to mourn everything associated to _Iván_"

I looked for Monica—I needed her and wanted her close because she's the last
meaningful thing that links me to a life of normalcy.

I peeked into my therapy log.

There are just three or four sessions left until I complete the 100 I need.

What will happen when I finish?

Will he still see me? Is the price going to stay the same?

Should I ask to be referred to somebody with more experience?

"You will not take them for life. You will be taken off them moderately, over
time."

There was a phrase I thought but didn't mention.

I talked about the streak of my journal. There was a subtle reminder of the
days I had been taking the medication. It was an accidental log of the changes
of my life that had been occurring.

I lost the streak at 55 days and I am just back to 4. It's more than 60 days
that I've been on life pills.

A lot of changes have happened. I am full of life and action and emotion.

_You are anesthetized emotionally and paralyzed behaviorally._

It was a fit-all cliche phrase to say during the first sessions. I heard it as
a cute description of my life. It wasn't until recently that I noted the
meaning behind it.

I've had a huge advancement. I laugh, I love, I talk and share, I ask and look
for help, I am. My hair is longer, my waist is thinner, my clothes look
baggier, my eyes fuller, and my smile more sincere.

Emotionally and physically I've had a lot of changes. More than 2 months of
changes.

Some could say I am not the same person I was when I started.

Am I unrecognizable?

How different would the changes had been if instead of these pills I had been
given prescription for a different type of medication. What if we would have
attacked the problem from another direction?

I am sure I would have had a lot of different changes.

Would I be more or less the same?

Would I be happy?

Could I enjoy it?

I packed lunch for Catherine and me.

There was heavy rain in the early morning. I don't know at what time I fell
asleep and when exactly I woke up. I stood up and put on pants. I covered
myself with the sheets.

My mother and Luis' screams and arguing woke me up like old times. It was 5h.
I stayed in bed half awake and listened to my father worrying I wouldn't be up
to drive Miguel. He opened the door and reminded me.

"Do you feel ok? Does your head hurt?"

"No, it's just that it's 5 in the morning"

I didn't sleep again until I came back from driving him.

On the way back I talked with myself. I imagined how it would be asking
Eusebio, Jessica and Paola to refer to me as a woman.

I made a mental draft of how I would say it, what words, what before what, with
what intention. Would I mention the name? I wouldn't ask for it. I won't deny
them I want them to use it, but I'll be perfectly clear about how I don't want
to ask them yet.

I am not ready to hear it if it's not sincere. I don't want to associate it
with the idea of being seen as a man.

I fell asleep with those words in my head, in my throat, dancing in my lips.

I took the coats and the chicken salad inside the Xochicalco University tote
bag.

I drove to therapy and waited outside the office.

There was a blonde woman waiting, too.

René opened the door alone. There was a tissue on his hand, he had just dried
his hands. He may had just finished using the toilet.

I spoke about Lupita and the Test. I talked about Anahí and Monica.

I talked more about how I really feel about Monica. I am not angry anymore.
I felt sad for her, but at the same time I wanted her to suffer for what she
did to me.

My voice broke and my eyes watered as I mentioned the helplessness I felt when
I needed her.

She promised me eternal love and she would not even see me.

I just wanted to be seen.

I asked to see her. After 9 months, she gave me 15 minutes.

I did end up just like Penelope.

Will I forgive her?

What would that mean?

What changes would that bring?

### Friday, October 30th, 2015 "This is the last day of your life. Today you
will die. You have 15 minutes left to live."

I was half-awake when the doorknob turned and the door cringed.

Who could that be? The house should be empty. No one is here.

Is someone in? Has somebody entered?

Luis started talking. He asked a question about computers. I answered and we
kept talking. He repeated the same cookie monster joke about having no cookies
and having no friends. I recorded him and sent the videos to Catherine and
Monica.

I was already talking to both of them. It felt nice again to have my girlfriend
and my best friend back.

Now everything changed, though. My bestfriend became my girlfriend. My
girlfriend is now just my friend. I was a boy and now I am _happy_.

He lied in bed with me and told me how I was adopted. We both laughed.

Later I made breakfast for the both of us.

I was in the shower and, when I finished, I did my hair.

Monica said something about how I lasted a lot in there.

I sent a pic of me with my hair tied.

She said I looked bad. I was hideous.

She repeated it again and again as a joke.

I didn't get sad.

I cleaned myself, let my hair down, and took another picture.

This one I knew I looked good. I liked it. I really did. I sent it to both of
them.

"Ash. You look girly. I mean, pretty. Well girly, too."

I was supposed to fill out the papers about death. I want to be cremated.
I want my organs to be donated. I want a small service with just intimate
people.

A lot of people get sensitive with these topics. I never understood about that.
I am scared of death but I can talk about it, think about it.

Catherine came and parked in front of my house.

She picked a shirt for tomorrow from all the white ones that were lying on my
bed. She took it and we would leave.

I went up to say goodbye to my brother and stayed there helping him with the
second screen.

I left and we went to school.

We have now the paper slip that liberates us from Social Service.

I am seated in class.

Again I ended up alone. I annexed myself to another pair and we worked.
I played two roles and shared how I felt and what I thought.

Now I have my eyes closed. I am breathing and all my body is relaxed.

I am inside a train station. There is a smart car outside, but I choose to
enter. I like trains, they bring me good memories.

I enter and get in the wagon. Nobody is here.

I am just carrying my gray backpack. This is a journey but I don't know where
I am going. The doors close. A voice from the speakers calls for the next
station.

The train goes inside a tunnel and everything is pitch black.

I am not here anymore.

I am inside somewhere. Everything is dark, too, but I am not afraid. I am
drowned in water but I feel comfortable and warm. There is a light and it
scares me. It's unkown, there are sounds and shapes and colors. I feel cold and
the piercing lights scare me. I feel pain and stabs. I cry, I scream. I am
born.

My body is a mistake, but I don't know it yet.

I am back in the train and I feel sad. I see my own body and try to forget
about it. The next station is close. The doors open again.

I am dressed in my uniform as a small boy. I have a heavy bag on my back and
a typing machine on my hand. I feel alone. I am alone. It's ok, I don't mind
it.

I am seated on the stairs outside the PC lab. The teacher Mayra is talking to
me about the sheet of paper I turned in. I wrote in it how I sometimes feel
alone and that I don't have a lot of friends.

This is an exercise she's making because of Andrés. I don't know it and never
will be sure, but he confessed to her how he's depressed and has given thought
to killing himself.

She's worried about me and I'm surprised. Why should she be worried? I am ok.
Sure, I am alone, but I don't mind it.

I don't know yet that something is wrong with me.

I am back in the train. I know what stop is coming next and I am scared. My arm
starts trembling. I have to get off.

I am in highschool. I have a hint of what could be going on with me, but
I pretend I don't know. My hair is long and I have lost a lot of weight.
Somebody loves me but I hate myself.

I want to die. I am in pain. I have no place in this world. Everything is not
black, but a muddy gray. There is not necessarily darkness, but everything is
a little darkened. There is no emotion, no life around me. I am numb and
passive.

I am in my bed crying. I am in my car crying. I am walking to school crying.

I have friends and a girlfriend and I feel more lonely than ever.

My body is trembling and my eyes are full of tears and pain. My respiration is
agitated and violent.

I run towards the station. I hate it here.

I think about what the next station is going to be, but we stop somewhere
first.

I am in the present. Catherine is by my side. I am not sad anymore. I have met
happiness and have met life. I am not alone. I have friends. People that love
me. I opened to them and to my family.

Everyone has told me how they're here for me. For the first time in my life,
I believe it.

The pain is gone, the sadness is gone. I think about the future and my plans.
I think about how I can be myself, start letting people know me, and actually
live. I am excited about the future. I want to get back to the train and think
about all the journey that is left.

Except there is no station anymore. I am in front of a table. There is a chest
with something in there for me. I don't know what's inside, but I don't want
it. I have things to do, things to feel, things to live.

I open it and there is a note in there. It is addressed to me. I start to read
it. I hear its content in Zayra's voice.

My life is over.

I am scared. It can't be.

It's not fair, it's not fucking fair.

20 years living a mistake and now that I found myself everything will end
before I was let to be born and be me.

I am in so much pain I feel the tears rolling and escaping my closed eyelids.

I fall down when I hear I have just 15 minutes left. I don't think of anyone or
anything. In my mind there is just pain, a profound and heavy pain that leaves
me immobile.

It's my fault. I should had made something I should had lived. I should had
known and opened myself.

Now it's too late.

I open my eyes and I am back in the classroom. In front of me, I see a piece of
paper asking me for my epitaph. Still with tears in my eyes, I grab the pencil
and start to write.

_Her life ended just when she was starting to live it_.

We take turns to talk about the activity and our experience. I listen and, when
my turn comes, I talk. I cry in front of my classmates. Zayra listens and tries
to help.

_It's not fair to blame a little child; he did what he could._

I am an adult now and I can fix it. I can look for a solution, she continues.
I should change what I can. Remember this and live by it.

She thanks me for opening up, for sharing. She knows how difficult it is for
me. She mentions the biography I sent her and everything I've been through.

Did I put in there my biggest problem? Could I show myself to her?

Melissa gets angry with my words.

"It's not that I am angry with you." She starts.

"I saw a Melissa talking. I saw myself in you, in your pain."

She's in so much pain. She's hiding it, too. She's been on it for so many
years.

I know what that is.

She asks us to not look at her. She doesn't want to cry.

She is in pain and the air is escaping her.

She vomits everything she's dealing with at us. Without censorship she talks
and talks and let everything out. Everyone is moved and sad. There are people
crying.

Zayra's voice breaks the moment as she intervenes. There is the question.

"Melissa, have you thought about ending everything?"

She wants to escape and go outside, but she stays.

She lets herself be helped. Some friends take turns talking to her.

I talk to her but I feel I made a mistake somehow.

Karen will talk later about herself, too. She's been diagnosed with major
depressive disorder since she was seven.

She cries, too, and I see them both. I am like them.

No, I was.

Iván was.

He was a little boy that did everything he could with a problem that was more
than he could handle. More than most could.

I am not alone anymore and I'll be sure of it when Zayra hugs me and whispers
his name in my ear; when Catherine will talk to me about what she saw, what she
thought and how she felt.

"_I was with her, I picked her up and spent the day with her._ Then
I remembered we didn't kiss. When I heard I had 15 minutes left, I just thought
how I didn't get to kiss you."

One sentence marked my death and another should mark my life.

_My life initiated just when I started living it._

## November, 2015

### Sunday, November 1st, 2015 _Nessun maggior dolore che ricordarsi del tempo
felice nella misseria._

I am back at 0. I skipped a day. This time it was on purpose.

The first time I lost the streak, I decided to talk to Monica. I thought she
would be back.

_It was my fault she was gone_, I thought.

I avoided her; I distanced myself, isolated me from every person who wanted to
help me. She just was the first one.

I decided to open up to everyone. Why should she be left out?

I was better. The count was back to 0. I could be the one to break the silence.

I did and she replied back. She was back.

The count began again. A new number, a new beginning.

I started the conversations, but she continued them. I told her about
everything. I was myself with her.

I thought she was ready.

She wasn't.

René was right. More than I thought.

Yesterday was the day that I waited for a long time. We planned it since the
beginning of the month. We bought the disguises. We tried them for the party,
but now I would be outside. I would be walking the streets, showing myself,
being vulnerable.

I was scared of this side of the border, the line, the booth, coming back.
I would not be wearing the costume nor any make up. I had to cross the border
wearing different clothes and carrying the costume in my bag.

What would I do when I were to return to Mexico? Wouldn't the officers in
Mexico be more rude? Should I change again just before?

I didn't want to think about those things, so I didn't.

I didn't even think about what I would do in my own house. How would I exit?
How would I come back?

I wore black leggings with the light black sweater on top of the blouse. I was
androgynous enough to not catch attention and would be carrying the least and
lightest extra clothes.

_What are you bringing to the USA?_

In my bag I would just have the skirt and the cape, both of our make up bags,
make up removal wipes, the camera, and our wallets.

"Just our costumes. Do you want to see?" I later answered the officer when he
asked.

"No, I trust you with my life."

My family would cross the border too, but earlier. I had my house all for
myself during the morning. Everything was turning out fine until they left.

I saw myself in the mirror all changed in the ambiguous outfit and I was
surprised at how good I looked.

I liked it. I look normal. Neither manly nor feminine, just normal.

I sent a picture to Cahterine.

Later, I went upstairs for something and decided to send it as well to Monica.

"With exercise pants? Are you kidding? It looks horrible."

It hurt me. She did it again; she kept going.

"Fucking killjoy. I will cross like this because it's light and I don't want to
be wearing a costume. Go fuck yourself. I am just trying to be nice, you big
jerk."

She changed her tone and started asking me questions. When would I change?
Where? I was right, I wouldn't look like my passport picture in a costume.

I was sick of her empty niceness and her fake gentleness.

I had to kill the pink elephant in the room.

I wasn't angry anymore. I just was hurt how she attacked my appearance. It
hurts me, it hurts me more to hear it from somebody else.

"It's just that I don't get use to you referring yourself as a woman. I need
time."

I hadn't asked her to call me that. I had not once mentioned the name. I only
showed her a picture and used certain pronouns.

She had offered me sympathy and support. She had sworn to always have my back.
Now she couldn't even see me.

I knew I would lose friends, but I confessed to her that I missed her. I wanted
to share this new part of my life with her; I missed my best friend. I opened
up like I did with Anahí, Eusebio, Jessica, my mom, and Paola. Like many many
times I had done with her.

"Now I can't deal with that."

I understood. I gave her an out.

"If you want we can keep our separate ways and you can look for me whenever
you're ready, or at all. I'll understand."

She took it and gave back just two letters.

"OK", I echoed.

I decided to skip the day. Make the count back to 0. I don't want to count the
days again or note her absence. I just let this website do that for me.

My tights were torn.

I lost my car keys. I found them plugged in and my battery dead.

When Catherine came to pick me up and I put the new pair of tights, I wanted to
tell her what had happened with Monica. I started but my voice broke. I started
to feel what I was really feeling. I started to hurt again.

She left. It wasn't my fault, but it was because of me.

I knew I'd loose some people. I never thought Monica, the one who promised full
support and unconditional love would be the first to go.

"She needs time." René warned me before. She later confirmed it.

I doubt she will come back.

Yesterday I lost my best friend.

When exactly was it when she lost her boyfriend, her potential husband and
father of her kids, sharer of her life?

"She was in love with Iván. Now she has to be friends with Sofía.

She lost Iván. She might feel betrayed. It's a lot what she has to take in."

I am a lot to take in. I am a freak. I am sick.

I won't be dead again. I will live.

### Monday, November 2nd, 2015 "You deserve better friends."

I am scared of dying alone.

I spent the whole day in my house, doing nothing, thinking of nothing; kicking
and screaming in an ocean of darkness. I thought of what to write today.

"The words are heavy, they're a huge weight in my head that I have to carry and
unload. I am tired."

The first sentence is a better description of today. I am still hurt. This was
a second Sunday in a row. I keep underestimating its effects.

I woke up in the morning. I heard something, some voices, there was life in my
house when I came back to sleep.

I dreamed something. Medrano was in it. There were some swords and another
people. It was raining and the day was dark and gloomy. We walked and I was
given a sword. Everyone started playing with them and I just wondered if they
were sharpened.

One of the other people picked me as an opponent and swung at me. I stopped and
showed them how they were really used. I was scared. Was I afraid of being
hurt?

I was back on my house—in my room—and the sword was lying beside my bed. I felt
my face dirty and for some reason I went to the mirror to check. There were
brown little spots on it. Little dark freckles here and there, like the one
I have on my stomach. I felt disfigured. I turned and then again there were
more and more. I blinked and my face was dirty.

Was it dirt or was it something else?

I woke up and looked out for people. I sent a message to almost all the
conversations I had open. Anahí, Catherine, and Eusebio.

I wanted to talk to someone. Was it today or was it yesterday?

I can't recall.

I felt this urge to have people near me. I wanted them close. I didn't want
them to go away.

When nobody answered, I felt lonely.

Anahí answered my message an hour before I saw it. I told her about Monica and
her answers were brief.

Am I really her friend?

Hours later I told her I wanted us to be closer. I don't want her to go, though
she already left two years ago.

I thought about Paola's words.

_The important thing is that you know that the people that care about you have
your back._

Who are those people? The ones I told them about me refer to them as if I had
another friends, closer friends.

Nobody knows me but Catherine. Eusebio and Jessica don't know me. Paola doesn't
know me. Anahí barely knows me. My mother just knows what I told her. Monica
knew me.

Monica knew me once better than anyone. The man she knew is dead.

She left.

I was over her. I made a mistake reaching out for her.

No, I said that same thing when I regretted seeing her in the plaza.

"It was a chance to realize she's not the same", René told me back then.

Maybe that's what those 5 days were, too. Another chance to see how everything
has changed.

I resented the idea of being the same. Of having and noting nothing different.
I do things differently. I feel and look different. This is the change I so
desperately wanted.

I was alone with my father today.

I was still in bed when he said he would go to the laundromat.

I was alone again, in my house, in my thoughts, in my feelings.

Catherine texted me for a while. I had her carnet and she came to pick it up.
I invited her in and she stayed for a couple of minutes.

"BTW Monica was in San Diego, too. I think she did go to a party."

My father arrived and she left. He didn't ask a thing. I didn't say anything
either. We did nothing wrong. There was a reason. It was an open secret. My
life now is an open secret.

I felt the urge to talk and open myself to him. Say it. Let it out, scream it,
bleed it. Shower him with the truth. Let my chest explode and blast him with
what's bothering me. I would skip all the bullshit and filler and just say it.
_Dad, I am not your son._

_Dad, I am sorry, but I am not a man._

_Dad, I am scared and I am hurt._

_Dad, I am a freak._

_Dad, I am a woman._

_Dad, I am trans._

I didn't. I stopped myself and went to bed instead. I opened my mouth, but
filled it with food instead.

I feel the pressure of time again. That is not the reason to open up.

"What will you wear to the party?"

"I don't know."

I had the answer already but I answered I didn't know. I really don't know.
I have doubts that hurt.

I went outside and people saw me and being like this hurts. It hurts more than
ever.

Monica left and I don't care.

I do care. I care about everything.

I am scared and hurt. I am little. I am fragile.

I need help and I need to ask for it.

I thought she would have used the name.

I told her. She knew.

She needed time.

I need time, too. I want it to stop for a bit and let me catch my breath.

### Tuesday, November 3rd, 2015 "Landin, Andrea, Monica; what does the capital
have that makes all the relationships end?"

Tiziano Ferro was an italian singer who had some success here in Mexico when
I was in elementary or middle school.

I was a child and had Jessica as a friend. I didn't listen to music except for
what played on the radio in my mother's car. Jessica liked him. Her mother—my
godmother—liked him, too. A lot of girls liked him.

Months—years?—later he would give an interview in Europe where he would be
asked about his success in Mexico and how was his experience here. He answered
about his female fandom and how there were no beautiful women in Mexico. The
interviewer wasn't drunk as he clearly was, so he try to recover the situation
talking about Salma Hayek. He buried his foot deeper in his throat and answered
she was the exception. All of the Mexican women were short and had a lot of
facial hair.

His fandom evaporated and I didn't hear another song of his until today.

There would be rumours about his sexuality. It was said like a joke. He was
attacked then by it, like it was something to be ashamed of.

I drove today. I loaded my own gas. Nobody came to my window and everybody in
the station were doing it themselves.

I woke up early and answered the phone.

No, I didn't reach it in time.

There wasn't one in the living room and when I got to the one in my parent's
bedroom my father had already hung up.

I called him back so he was able to tell me that the technician would come
before noon.

I got in the shower and put just underwear. I forgot to shave my chest so I did
it with the double-edged razor. When I was going to start with my face
I decided to put on the pants in case the man arrived. I finished lathering up
when the doorbell rang.

I welcomed him shirtless and half of my face white with shaving soap. He got in
the laundry room as I returned to the bathroom and finished with my face.

"Son!", he screamed when I was putting an undershirt over my bra. I covered
myself with my shirt and took the papers to him.

He was done. I just needed to sign.

I talked to myself in the morning but I can't recall if it was before or after
him. To whom was I really talking? What was I saying?

I explained and narrated what happened on Saturday. Anahí, Monica. What will
happen in four months. I remembered Anahí's question about what was I going to
wear. I recalled the feeling of pressure I had when I was alone yesterday with
my dad.

I'm almost out of life pills. There are just two for tomorrow. Catherine will
drive me to the pharmacy to get the refill. I had thought about lowering my own
dosage in half. They would last me twice the time. Two bottles could then last
me a complete month.

I need them now more than ever. I am eating a lot. I am feeling a lot. I am
hurt. I am desperate and confused.

No, I am all but confused. Now I know what I want. I don't know if I am ready
to ask for it or deal with its consequences, but I know I want it.

When we arrived to school, Melissa told us there would be no class with Zayra.
We skipped Vinicio's. I proposed eating Teriyaki and Catherine proposed going
to the beach. We could try the restaurant near Argana.

They burnt my yakimeshi and I burnt Argana's rug. My vegetables were left
a long time on the grill and I pulled on the hose knocking down the hookah. The
burning coal stayed hidden under the cushions for a couple of seconds. The
smoke screamed my mistake but no one noticed. This was the third time we sat in
the other side of the second floor.

I lend Catherine my undershirt. She wore it for the rest of the day. She keeps
looking like a girl even with my own clothes.

She stayed just with my shirt and her bra. If I wore that same outfit I would
be seen as a man.

What difference did the costume have to the other clothes? Why did people see
me like that there but not here?

Is it because it was the United States? No, it was here.

Was it the make up? Is it my face?

Why do I want so much to be seen like that again?

Why did it hurt so much to take the costume off?

Or did I put the other one on?

### Wednesday, November 4th, 2015 "You really are pretty. Do you believe me?"

"No."

"Have you ever believed me?"

Tomorrow I will see him. I'll talk about this week. All that has happened since
our last session. There are just four or five sessions left.

I can talk about Zayra's workshop, Monica's leaving, Anahí's question,
Catherine's costume, my father's expectations, everyone's expectations and
reactions.

I am sad and scared. I feel alone and vulnerable.

My life pills were empty and I bought another two bottles.

"For how long will you take them?" Asked the pharmacist.

"Give me two bottles"

"So it will be for a month then, right, sir?" He was wrong.

I take double the dosage. I need a double dose. Two pills daily. They are
enough.

No, they're not. They help me with the depression but that's just half of my
problem.

Tomorrow, after the hospital, we will go to the United States. I want to buy
something. Anything. I think of pants that I can wear daily or make up to cover
my facial hair, or a smaller bra to see if it fits, or a longer skirt that
I can wear on special occasions with Catherine.

I've been waking up and wanting to look as I looked this Saturday. I want
people to see me like they did. I want a person to get close to Catherine and
me and calls us _girls_. I want everyone to see us alike.

After the pharmacy and eating the sandwich it was too early for Andrea to
arrive. We decided to kill some time walking around the plaza. We entered the
store were I bought the last things. Catherine was going to look for some
tights.

We walked past by the make up section. One clerk got near us and offered his
help.

"Would you let someone give you orientation?" Catherine was curious.

There was a woman sitting in a chair with one man applying make up to her face
and hiding the marks under her eyes with a white cream, explaining every step
of the process. I thought _no_. I couldn't see myself sitting there in front of
the whole store.

What would he say? What would he think? Men don't wear make up.

I am not a man. He's a man and he knows more than the woman sitting in the
chair.

Would people laugh?

The woman sitting beside us in the trolley stop didn't laugh. She did notice,
didn't she? She saw as Catherine was applying it to me.

She tried to avoid seeing us directly. Was she ashamed for ourselves? Did she
go home and talk to her husband about the young people sitting in the trolley
stations dressed with capes and the young man whos friend was applying make up
to?

How can I wonder if I'll go to the graduation in a dress if I can't see myself
even buying make up?

Girls go to salons to get all painted and ready.

I don't want any of that. I don't want an extravagant hairdo nor a colorful
face nor a long and fancy gown. I don't want none of that.

Why do I care then? I saw the pictures and they were nice. I don't look
abnormal or hideous or anything.

I don't want that but I want even less to look like a man.

Yadira didn't wear a dress. She wore a pantsuit. They were women clothes and
she looked normal.

No, it wasn't normal. The norm was for all the women to wear dresses or skirts.
She stood out, but it wasn't weird.

It would have been weirder to see her wearing something that doesn't fit with
how she is.

Suits don't fit me anymore.

If I wore a dress would they still take my picture?

Would they ask me to stand up with all the men behind the sitting women?

In every picture I'd be the funny anecdote.

I'd be the weirdo from that generation that went dressed as a woman.

I got home and wondered what to wear tomorrow.

Should I wear jeans? Women jeans? Leggings? _Exercise pants_—as Monica called
them—?

I would not wear a skirt. No, I won't mix men and women clothes. I'll have to
walk to therapy and then go to the hospital.

I saw the leggings and wanted them. Catherine doesn't even like them that much.

Today was the first day that I wore a sweater. I looked at the t-shirts. I can
wear the white bra. I wore an almost transparent blouse, a t-shirt would be
nothing If I wore the other long sweater—the black one.

Would I dare to not change this time?

### Friday, November 6th, 2015 "I feel off about something. I spent half of my
money and I have nothing but a pair of men jeans. Then I think about buying
something else and I wonder _I could buy underwear, but I already have a lot of
those. Nobody notices them anyway. If I buy something different—real
clothes—will I actually wear it? Nobody will see them anyway. What's the
point?_"

Yesterday I was going to therapy. I'd meet Catherine in the hospital. I knew
what clothes I would wear. I prepared myself and drove to where I always park.

This time Catherine didn't ask me what I was wearing.

She did send those messages, but they did not appear on my phone until the
night.

I walked from my car to the oxxo near René's office. I was wearing leggings and
the t-shirt and hoodie hybrid that I'd never worn before. It barely covered my
crotch. Over my outfit I wore a thin black sweater. It flowed as I walked and
covered me more.

I felt a lot more comfortable than some other times. I did mention the outfit
with René but he didn't ask me this time if anyone had seen me.

He just listened this time. We talked at the end of the session about my worry
of the doubts that Anahí's question flowered.

The graduation would be Iván's last event. It could be the closure of my life
as him. Everyone who knew him would be there and I could end that phase.

Wearing a dress there would be chaotic.

_It would be a brave thing to do_, but I would risk a lot.

A lot of people would be there and they would see me and notice me and make
comments.

I don't really want to buy a dress or go to a salon.

Why do I say it as if I were trying to convince myself?

I walked back to my car.

Not a single person made mention of my gender.

I was seen, but was I noticed? What did they think? What did they see?

I arrived to the hospital and the guard did say something.

_Welcome, champ_, _gentleman_, _sir_.

Do they want to convince me or are they convincing themselves?

I parked the car and walked inside. Catherine met with me and smiled. She
looked at my face and then my outfit. She was surprised. I didn't gave her
notice, I didn't ask for her opinion. I did not say anything about it until she
saw it for herself.

The class ended and we scheduled the session with a patient for next week.

We drove to the border and got in line. The internet said it would be two hours
approximately to cross. We got there at 15h30. The line moved every 30-40
minutes. The sky was dark when we finally crossed three hours later.

We took the first trolley and get off on H street station. A couple of blocks
ahead was the Chula Vista Center Mall.

She picked a pink dress for her party.

I looked at the clothes while she was trying the dresses she'd picked. There
were only women's clothes and shoes. I strolled by, placing my attention on
whatever was in front of me. There were so many options that I didn't knew
where to look.

I felt overwhelmed with everything. What did I like, what did I want?

Hot Topic was our next store. She bought a Harry Potter pajamas set. There was
an offer of the next item half price off. I took two pairs of jeans and tried
them on, skinny and super skinny. I ended up buying the skinny pair. The black
tighter ones looked like the leggings I was wearing, but they felt weird.
I really liked them both. I didn't regret the decision of buying the pair until
we got out of the Mall.

They were nice but they were men's. They were more of the same. I could had
bought them with my parents.

We went to Target and looked at the clothes and the underwear. We picked some
stuff, left other, and picked another.

Catherine and I both entered the dressing rooms and looked at each other as we
tried stuff. She saw me with a blouse and with a dress.

I couldn't choose what to take, what to pick or buy.

Today before school I tried the stuff I did buy.

I sent her a picture of the dress with the black tights. Then I put the black
skirt and the purple, dark red sweater. Maybe that's what I'll wear when we go
somewhere later.

### Saturday, November 7th, 2015 "I dreamed a lot. I even wrote in my words
about the dreams I had inside my dream. You were not on any of them."

The night was long and bumpy. I woke up, went back to sleep, and woke up again.

I had a dream inside another dream. They intersected themselves like circles
collapsing and compressing on each other.

I was in Mexicali. I wrote about Monica. We were in a car somewhere going
somewhere else. She made a joke looking at me from the driver's seat.

"Why do you always cry?" She says mocking.

I do have tears on my eyes, but I smile and say something snark and sarcastic.

"Look, I am happy." I try to convince both of us.

She believes me and makes a comment.

She uses a feminine pronoun and I don't know if it's a good or a bad thing.

We are walking inside a shop looking for something.

I am now lying on a table. Behind me is Graciela from Neuro asking me
questions.

I am in pain and she tries to help. There is a man besides her who also talks
to me.

He has something. I don't know if it's material or abstract, but she needs it.

He gave her a condition: _a question for a question_.

She confides in him and I see how he is using her.

She helps me, but he is cruel.

I tell him to stop and that he can go fuck himself.

I dream more and more.

I wake up in the early morning and Catherine texts me pictures. She is in the
salon getting her hair done. She is dressed and resting before leaving.

We won't talk for the rest of the day.

She invites me to wear the blue-green dress she took to Mexicali. It's big on
me but she liked it. She could wear the pink one and I that one _when it gets
hotter; maybe in the shore of the beach_.

She leaves and I sleep again. This time it's just black. I stay in bed until
after noon. I feel lonely and tired.

I'll open the phone and send images and texts to different conversations.

I want to read something, anything. I don't care if it's just my echo but
I need to get something. This feeling will accompany me for the rest of the
day. I'll want to do something but lack the motivation to start anything.

Maybe I took the pills too late.

What if this feeling doesn't come from the depression?

I think a lot of the last and next session. I thought about the dress and the
graduation, but it's not really something I want.

There is something I want that I have not asked for.

I do want it. I don't care what I have to do. I want those pills. I want to
save my life with them. I want to start living like I should.

I still fear about rejection.

What if René rejects me? What if there is no doctor who is willing to help me?
What if my own body rejects the hormones? What if I'm cursed to this body for
all my life? What can I do if this is as far as I can get?

Luis made another comments again. _Ladies first._

_Mom, Iván told me he was an hermaphrodite._

_I'm not the one who said he has girlfriends and boyfriends._

Will he mock me? Will he stop looking up to me?

Maybe he'll laugh and his laugh and mocking will be different than the usual
ones we lovingly share.

The difference will be that these ones will hurt me; they'll break me and end
me.

Will he notice? Will he care?

Should he? Do I deserve it?

Time is running and the future is closer than ever. I've changed, but it's not
enough.

What if it will never be enough?

When will I be satisfied?

What's more important to me: being seen as who I am or seeing myself as who
I am?

Monica left and I still think of her.

What does she do?

Does she miss me?

Did she missed me still when we talked again, but I wasn't who I was?

Did she ever?

Maybe like Penelope she stayed waiting for me in a bench and time passed and
I never returned.

I was Penelope when she left for the capital and never came back as my
girlfriend.

I was her again when she left to France and wasn't herself when I finally saw
her.

Maybe she was Penelope, too, and as she waited for her lover all this time,
I returned in his place.

"She did say she needs time, _not now_, she said. _Not ready._

"But when will she ever be? Why should she? What does she gain from being my
friend.

"I killed the man she loved."

I miss Catherine. The day is silent and dead without her.

What will I do when she ends leaving, too? Who will I have left?

Will all the people I love end up leaving?

### Sunday, November 8th, 2015 "You don't understand. I can't depend just on
you; you can't be my whole world. Then it'll be like today or back in February
that you will leave for days. I will stay alone with no one to talk to; nobody
to see me. I will cease to exist."

We talked yesterday on the phone when she returned from her wedding. The call
lasted 2 hours. We don't usually talk on the phone. We text or talk in
person—in her car or mine, in the Faculty of Administration.

We cried but the words are now lost on me.

What is it about Sundays that they kill me?

I dreamed with Monica again. There was another person, but I can't put a face
on them. It was night and there was a picture. We talked about who was slimmer
and who was fatter. I said how Alan looked way huskier. Monica denied it, not
his weight but his presence.

I said how he wasn't really my friend.

The last time I saw him was when he visited the faculty a couple of years ago.

"He was never a real friend but he existed."

Monica was never my real friend, but she does exist.

She's gone but she's somewhere.

While talking with Catherine I thought about asking René for the hormones.

I want them. I've always wanted them but I want to start now. I am not scared,
I am not doubtful.

I knew the effects of the life-pills wouldn't start until after a couple of
weeks. I know the effects of these won't start until after a couple months.
They'll be slow, maybe even painful—emotionally and physically—, but I don't
care.

I'll see him Thursday. I'll might start with how I bought more clothes last
week. Maybe if I go out with Catherine I'll talk about what will have happened.
My parents saw me with leggings and the shirt. They didn't see me when I exited
the house, but they both saw me when I arrived. I didn't change before entering
the house. I didn't hide anymore.

_I want them_, I might start just after meeting his sight.

_I've wanted them. I've mentioned them and talked about it. I want to start._

Will he say no? Maybe he'll doubt I am ready. Maybe he was never going to give
them to me.

Maybe he just can't.

_I don't know how, or with whom. If you can't prescribed them I wish you could
refer me to someone who can, a specialist or an expert. If you can but I need
to do some tests first, I'll do them, no matter the price or the blood._

_If you want me first to say the name to my friends, if you want me to tell
everything to my dad first or say them the name, I will. I don't want to do
that yet, but I don't want to wait any more. I don't care about the changes,
about their reactions._

No matter what I tell them or show them they don't see me. Nobody but Catherine
sees me. They see the Iván they've met.

How can I blame them if not even I see myself in the mirror.

_I am sure, I know. I know they won't be magical, I know they won't even do
anything at first. The wait will be months more than weeks. Not even for the
graduation might there be any notable changes and that's fine. I know when they
start, people will hesitate when looking at me. They will be wrong and they
might have reactions and comments. I don't care anymore. I want to do this for
me._

_I've been working about asking what I want and need, about showing myself.
I am showing myself to you and being honest with myself. I am asking you now
what I want. I want to start hormones._


Will I do it?

Or will I try to swallow it up and end up asphyxiating with my own secrets?

-...-

Tomorrow is Anahí's birthday.

I wanted to talk to her but I didn't know how.

I said that yesterday to Catherine.

"I am angry with Monica. I didn't ask about the pronouns nor show myself
because I am scared people will have her reaction. I am afraid of people
leaving me because of how she left. I hesitate about talking about myself
because of how she would cut me off whenever I tried to talk."

I remembered our relationship without any problems. We fought and cried but it
was good.

Now am I only remembering the bad things?

Was I ever happy with her?

### Monday, November 9th, 2015 I'm writing now in my brother's laptop. It's
forty minutes before midnight and I'm just starting the words. My laptop is
upgrading and got stuck somewhere in the 70%. I restarted it since I came home.

I asked him to borrow his laptop, but he started moving files and made a guest
account. What is he hiding?

Does it matter? Do I care?

It's not like I don't have my own secrets. He grabbed one of my keychains that
I bought from amazon. He has taken stuff from my room. He has snooped in my
life.

Does he care?

Or was he just snooping?

In his search, was he looking for something specific or was he just taking
a stroll through my life?

Has he found something?

The return key is perpetually pressed down. This keyboard is uncomfortable.
It's not familiar, it's weird. It doesn't fit.

Had he asked for my laptop, I would have lend it to him.

Would I hide something? There are pictures and folders. There is one called
_Sofía-Anahí_ with the conversation from when I told Anahí about my name.

Today I woke up and took my life pills. I hadn't shaven for the whole weekend.
This morning's shave was smooth. I was comfortable. It was OK.

Catherine offered to pick me up. I waited for her.

When I got to the car we talked and, out of nowhere, I kissed her. I felt her
lips just barely touching mine. They were smooth and sweet. We kissed once and
then again. She pulled me from the neck of my shirt and whispered _no_.

We kissed three more times.

The person who painted my house knocked on the window after we had finished to
give me a letter to my dad. I forgot about it and I just remembered.

We were talking in the car when she took me home. The comments she received
during the wedding she attended Saturday. Her parents' wedding.

Several different and important topics were in the air when my father walked
from the private street with a white thrash bag in his hand.

"Did he see us? He didn't look."

He had arrived last week just when she was here for her therapy sessions log.
He parked the pick up just behind her Toyota. I had to signal him to back up
a little for her to leave. He did not say a single word about her. Not
a question. Nothing.

What else has he seen that doesn't dare to ask?

There was no Vinicio's class today.

I waited for her outside her session. She didn't cry this time.

On the way home we talked about her mother. The actions Catherine might have to
do to stop her behaviour.

"It's not fair. What you did you had to do it, but you're the mother. I am the
daughter, she's my mother".

"I told you, she is capable of kicking me out the house. I think if I do
something like that, she might hit me".

We parked outside the Oxxo and talked for a couple of minutes. We bought
a bottle of water, tomato juice, and two chocolate bars.

When there was no class we wondered about what to do. She had made us lunch. We
kissed before class. She teased me.

We went to the Soriana near the school. There might be some mascara like hers.
She didn't have any condoms in the car, and there was just three left. We
bought a package of 5 cheap ones.

Later in the day she touched me when we returned from eating japanese food. We
were in the line outside the parking lot and her fingers unbuckled my belt and
pants. Her fingertips gently stroked my skin under my underwear.

Graciela arrived to the classroom, but, instead of class, she invited us to go
to the conference that Yolanda was giving in the auditorium.

We listened to the voice of Catherine previous therapist talk about a case.
A phobic young man, a typical case of phobic neurosis. An unresolved Oedipic
complex. The libidinous energy somatized in physical symptoms.

Psychoanalytic terms.

The first year kids were the ones who organized it.

Were they getting it?

60 sessions she had with this patient. Almost the same number of sessions
Catherine went with her.

Could she do a conference about her case? Would she say her first name or make
up another one to keep her confidentiality?

Could René talk about me? Am I conference material?

Would he talk about a melancholic patient with a perverse psychoanalytic
structure. An inverse Oedipus manifested in a delirious wish to be the other
sex. A dissociated identity.

Would he talk about Iván or Sofía?

Catherine talked about her parent's wedding. There she would invite me.

Who would be by her side? Me or him?

Would I wear a dress or a suit?

How would she introduce me?

Will I be her girlfriend, her boyfriend, or just her partner?

Will they care?

There will be a ceremony in the church. She talked about the comments in the
sermon.

_A man and a woman._

_Marriage between a husband and a wife._

_God created Adam and Eve._

How would it be being seated together holding hands while the priest would talk
about marriage. Would her family see us? Talk about us?

First, she has to tell her own father. First, I have to worry about this
Wednesday that I'll wear to the movies the gray dress that I recently bought
with her.

Then, after a lot of things, we can start worrying about that.

### Tuesday, November 10th, 2015 "And that is the way we are raised; in
families where we are supposed to care for our parents. What are secrets but
ways of protect them?"

"Couldn't your dad be the one who awaits you when you step out of the closet?"

I drove. I didn't shave. I didn't paint my eyes. Today I tied my hair in a bun
and wore a sweatshirt of my past and was nobody; neither him nor her.

Why bother? Tomorrow I'll shave, and dress, and put on make up; be whomever
I want.

I almost forgot to take my pills.

Late at night, I felt the complete opposite of what I felt the night before.
I was wearing the exact same shirt and pajama bottoms. I suddenly felt the
thick and uncomfortable material of my underwear. It pressed in the wrong way,
it scratched, and it didn't fit. I pulled down the pants and, in complete
darkness, I took the underpants off and threw them to the laundry basket.
I didn't put on another pair; I pulled the pants up again and went back to
sleep.

Yesterday, I wore one of the pair of underwear Catherine gave me. They're
smaller and fit tighter. I wore them the whole day, but by the time I was lying
in bed I felt them uncomfortable in them. Again I pulled them off, put back on
the pants over nothing, and threw the underwear to the hamper. Again I slept
free. Wearing neither man's or woman's; bounded by nothing. Being just me.

Everything's easier when I stop trying to fit into something.

Catherine and I left home almost at the same time. The guards, again, let
everyone in without asking for id. The parking lot was full and they stopped me
to wait for it the free up. After they took the cone out of the way, I drove to
the up side near the faculty. The highschool-looking guard signaled me to an
empty space and I parked in there. I texted Catherine asking her if she had
arrived yet, but it went unanswered until I got to the building.

We waited for Zayra outside the classroom as it was occupied. We looked for an
empty one down the corridor. I can't remember what we did there. Did we talk?
Did we kiss? Did she put me against the wall as she passed her hand from my
leg, up my hips and navel and through my breast all the way to my neck?

When we returned, our classmates were already in the classroom and Zayra had
already come.

"How was your weekend?" she asked us.

We saw the theme of _Social Death_. People who are unseen by society.

"Like these times on Facebook."

Did I kill myself socially? Did I kill _him_ when I deleted my Facebook
profile?

Am I socially dead given I don't exist for anyone but Catherine?

We saw the different videos of the process of dying. Cremation was one of them.
From the putrefying dead body, life is born again. How selfish would it be for
me to burn my corpse and deny nature of its process?

Vinicio did come today to class. We were not the full class. Maybe not even
half of us came. He put us in a circle and asked us our perceptions and
experience with the model so far.

"Why don't you participate?"

One by one he asked us different questions. _What do you think? What would you
say? What is your experience? How have you applied it yourself?_

He asked all of us at least once. He asked us how could he improve the class.

_To center ourselves to the positive._

How can I forget the problem when it's everything I've seen my whole life?

I ignored what I wanted and how I felt. I knew I was sad and miserable but
ignored the reason.

There was a therapist who had this 7 year old girl who had been raped by
someone in her house. She had an older sister and a little brother. The three
of them had been raped. In the room, together, were everyone: the mother, the
father, the three siblings, even the neighbors and friends.

The little girl told every single detail of the rape to the therapist. One by
one they talked about what they knew and how the occurrence had felt. The
little boy had been raped, too. The older sister was raped first and was
threatened by the rapist that if she told anyone he would rape her little
sister. She didn't spoke and yet he raped her anyway. The mother knew since it
had happened when the girl was 4 years old, three years before. The mom was
seated, crying as she spoke. She was hugged by her husband and two of her
children. The little girl stayed alone, sitting in her chair.

The neighbor kneel in front of the girl and hugged her and apologized to her.
She told her she would care for her.

She taught the mother how to be one.

Secrets are our way to protect _our parents_.

### Wednesday, November 11th, 2015 "Do you want to see me or wait 'till you
come?"

I woke up but can't remember exactly what was it that did it.

Was it a scream?

I had cold, I wanted to go to the bathroom. They were still here. I went and
returned to under the sheets. I had forgotten when was the last time that
I felt backache.

I took my clothes when the alarm finally blared. Underclothes only; tights and
dress I'd put on later.

Yesterday I had doubts.

Even now, after the day ended, I'm not sure how I felt with what happened.

I look at the pictures. My made up face with the mask, the costume; the second
one in Halloween.

I looked like a man.

I was a man.

It was absurd, I feared. Everyone would look through me. I'd be pointed at,
laughed, and mocked. All eyes would be set upon me and their pupils would burn
me. Darkness dressed as laughter would embrace me and drown me. I'd be gone.
Everything would end.

I'd be dead.

This morning something changed and I came down in just my underwear. My face
was done, my body, too. There were spots in my cheek and upper lip that
screamed. I murdered them with a dry slash of the blade. The one in my upper
lip died with just a small droplet of crimson blood as a last whisper.

I put on the tights and slipped over my head the gray dress.

I think about us, seating finally in the theater. The big leather sofa floating
over a black sea of darkness. Both of my legs raised to the seat. Black and
long and thin pieces of flesh covered in a gray cloth. Knees kissing each
other, lying embraced. Her arm surrounds me and we both watch the film. A slow
quiet beating of her heart sings a melody to my ear.

She arrives when I finished with my shoes and hair. I waited for her in the
sofa watching the first half of an episode of The Flash.

I peek through the blinds, but she catches first a glimpse of my dress. I see
her surprise in her smile.

She shouldn't be.

She already saw me in the picture I sent her in front of the mirror. Later
today we will take more pictures, but it won't be until we get to the hotel.
That dreaded hotel cursed with memories.

The first hotel where I went as Iván it's also the one where we went after
a whole day dressed as me. It's still not the first one where I've worn these
clothes or even where I arrived dressed.

The internet is coming and going. It's making me furious.

There is a stench that rises and slaps me on my face. It's a musty and bitter
odor that tattles the things we did.

She helped me with my face and we exited the house. We drove to the plaza and
I was seen by no one. Not a single person laid eyes on me until we parked and
got off. Even then, their sights would touch me but slip as if I were made of
rubber. They looked and, as if I were invisible, their sight kept on. There was
nothing on me that deserved to be given further inspection. This time not being
seen was something good.

They didn't see a man in a dress.

They saw someone. Just that, a person.

Chavela Vargas is singing right now.

Catherine grabbed my book and read the last page that is written in it. In
there I'm still in Portugal after a night of drinking and having kissed Helena.
I'm confused and hurt. There are so many things in my mind that I look for any
little bit of distraction to wander off from my reality.

We are in the plaza and walk towards the Food Garden. She orders and I just
stand by her side. I am scared that my voice will tell on me.

I avoid people's eyes but at the same time look for them. I don't know what
I want.

Do I want them to not see me as they've done until now? Or would I prefer that
they do look at me and notice me?

What would that mean?

It'd make me sad.

Why do I wait for that?

Later there will be noted discomfort in people's eyes. They'll sneak looks
towards me and, whenever I catch them, they'll remove them clumsily. Like every
criminal they'll return to the scene of the crime and I'll notice them again.

What do their eyes mean? I won't figure it out, until I later talk to
Catherine.

They don't see me, or not me exactly.

"I realized... it was the first time that they saw us: _two girls holding
hands_." Would explain Catherine. "For the first time I noted the effects of
our relationship."

### Thursday, November 12th, 2015

"I don't know how to start."

Again I walked that short distance from the car to the session. I waited
outside for a couple of minutes. I looked in my phone the continuation of the
conversations with Catherine and Anahí.

"Where are you?", Anahí asked us yesterday in the afternoon. Neither of us saw
her message in our respective screens. We were busy walking, exposing our love
to the world, holding everybody's sights.

She told Miguel and Carlos. I thought the message was originally to Carlos and
then to Miguel. It turned out to be the other way around.

"I went out with Sofía to the plaza. She wore a dress and we held hands. It was
the first time we showed ourselves as two girls."

She realized how it would be for Miguel every day. A lesser evil to me would
still be worse for her than normalcy.

I told René about yesterday, too. He didn't say anything.

I told him about the hormones and he didn't say anything either. I want them;
I asked for them, didn't I?

What do I need to do? I don't know how many sessions I have left. I don't want
anything but a good reflection in the mirror. A way to feel good in my own
skin.

"It makes my skin crawl to think that wherever Iván goes, you will accompany
him"

"When will you take this load off me?"

I walked back and went to the hospital. What was the word today? _Man_? _Young
man_? _Sir_?

Catherine met me there a couple of minutes after I was on the second floor.
I looked down to the children. Some looked towards me. Others waved their
hands. What do they see?

A communications major saw us seating on a bench and asked us if we knew where
the psychologists were. Why didn't we answer? Why didn't I talk? He already saw
me as a man. There was no lie in my voice.

I talked about next Thursday. Will I dress with a skirt and sweater?

Am I scared? Why didn't I say anything?

I was supposed to ask for the hormone treatment and asked them to see me. To
refer to me as a girl.

I can't change what they see, but I can ask them how I want to be called.

I did the hard one and stayed silent after the session.

We met a patient in the hospital. A young girl of 14. She's referred because of
her low scores in school; ADHD, memory problems; autism?

Catherine was supposed to ask questions and I to take notes, but I hijacked the
interview. The mother was disappointed and expected Graciela.

"¿Dónde está la licenciada?"

She got us instead.

Would Graciela note the anxiety and the depression? The girl asked to die.
She'd prefer to die rather than going to school.

Lack of concentration, memory problems, irritability, social isolation;
I wanted to help her. I'm excited to think about what to look for.

What's the difference between her and Angel? The gender.

What's different between her and the other kid with palsy and motor problems?

When I met the mother's eyes I thought the cause of the disgust in them was my
own presence. Instead of my age or experience, in my mind everything went to my
legs; both what was covering them and between them.

Both are not of anybody's business.

"I remember the first sessions [...] you told me I was anesthetized emotionally
and paralyzed behaviorally [...] I know now what is it that I really feel."
I told René. "Now I am in a rush to actually do something.

"It conflicted me to think about being a discomfort to others. Being invisible
had its secondary gains. They didn't note me. My presence was not a discomfort.
Now it's the complete opposite. I couldn't even put my hand in the arm rest.
Now I stand in front of them, wearing a dress, contradicting everything they
believe and are accustomed to."

After the hospital I drove us to the park to kill time. Yesterday we went to
that motel and today it was that park. We park in one of those spots and
talked. Talked about her father, talked about me.

She mocked the comment I did earlier. I tried to say how even after three hours
everyone could see in the picture small traces of my manhood.

"You didn't shave well today."

"I did it as well as I could."

I felt bad.

There is nothing I can do. I can burn them with laser. I can scrap the skin
over my face daily with razors not sharp enough, but they grow. I can cover
them with paint, but they are still there.

I showed myself to them dressed like I left the house. The same way I walked,
the same way I got in and faced my brother and parents. Again, Luis didn't see
me.

Would he be the exception to everybody? Would he say something?

### Friday, November 13th, 2015

"Divide your sheet of paper in three parts. You'll think of a loved person with
whom you've had a conflict. In the first part, write about the things that
person gave you [...] In the second, enlist the things this person did not give
you [...] Finally, think and enlist the things that person gave you by not
giving you the things they did not."

I would not shave today. I would not care about my appearance. I did not even
think about which clothes I was going to wear. What's the point?

What difference does it make if I shave normally or painfully closer? Is there
an evident change when I wear a bra under my shirt? Can anyone note the
difference in the color of my eyelashes? Was I the same-looking person when
I wore legggings? How about the day before that I wore a dress?

I picked out clothes before I made myself breakfast. There was two week-old
biscuits in the fridge. I opened one and discarded the stale eggs. The eggshell
broke nicely and the egg-white started to gain its color as soon as it fell
into the pan. I was chatting with Catherine. What was she going to wear? What
was I?

I ate and procrastinated starting my morning routine. Even standing up from bed
was a challenge. I showered and scrubbed my whole body. I didn't wash my hair.

What made me change my mind? What made me pick up the brush and lather the
soap? I didn't want to.

Has it become a compulsion, yet? I started and instead of going with the grain,
the first and second time were across it. The last and final one was against
it. I pushed the skin with the tip of my finger and passed the edge of the
blade scratching my skin, erasing those little black dots.

It still wasn't enough.

The sound of the hairs dying, its miniature screams echoed in the tiles of the
bathroom. I wanted all of them gone so I passed the razor again, closer,
firmer, a little closer.

On my chin I took a little piece of skin and a red dot appeared in its place.
There was no pain. I felt nothing.

In my head the idea of picking from it and take my face away passed by
nonchalantly. _Skulls are indistinguishable between genders to the
unprofessional eye._ Even then, an anthropologist could see through _my lie_.

The alum stung, but closed the injury.

I changed and went to my room. Catherine stepped out of the shower and asked me
if I was ready.

I showed her.

I've been taking pictures of me in front of the mirror. The red and black
shirt—the one I wore today. The gray undershirt, the blouse and the skirt; the
dress, the dress with the coat; the sweater over the skirt.

I didn't cover my face with anything. Catherine noted it. _My eyes were
smaller._

"No, it's just your face that looks cleaner. Like, recently washed."

Ramon came to receive payments. I stood with Catherine. We laughed and smiled
and hugged.

I am happy. I feel better. I don't want to go, yet. I want to keep living.

I just thought about Zayra's workshop. I'm not ready to die, I don't want to.

Before Catherine arrived, I opened the therapy notebook. I have just one
session left; just one more.

I may keep going with René.

I don't know if he is open the see me again, to respect our price.

He prescribed me. I want another prescription, but I don't know if he can give
it to me.

When I am finished with the obligatory therapy, should I continue with him?
Should I continue with psychoanalysis?

I should ask him. Is he the best option for me? Does he consider himself my
optimum help or would I be in better hands with someone more experienced?

I don't want to go shopping around for a new therapist. I don't see myself
scheduling interviews with different ones, opening up in the first sessions
about my deepest secret just to wait for the reaction of a literal stranger.

What goal do I have? What do I expect from therapy? When he asked me those
questions 3 years ago I didn't know what to answer.

I want to be comfortable in my own skin. I want to be strong enough to deal
with the difficulties my life will bring me. I want to get the strength to be
myself and show it to the world. I want help with the change to become the
person I should be.

### Sunday, November 15th, 2015 "_Y él es mi más grande: Iván._"

"_¿Tú?_"

"_Iván; yo._"

"_Oh, pensé que eras mujer; Tal vez por el cabello._"

I didn't write yesterday. I cheated again.

I tried to, I wanted to. We left the house just before noon. We didn't arrive
to my uncle's until after midnight.

We got early to my old father's house. There were my aunts and my cousins. They
are tall; they are bigger. Even the youngest looks bigger than me. He is
shorter than me, but he is bigger.

I feel small and insignificant in the memory of what happened. I said _hi_,
I smiled and hugged. I did all the things I couldn't. I couldn't find my place.
Nowhere was I comfortable. With no one could I talk freely. My university, my
time in Spain, the work situation; I spoke about a lot of things and they
listened. They heard my voice and they saw me. Did they? What did I show them?

Everyone is studying and working and being successful. Everybody has their
lives sorted out. I don't even know who I am.

I was inside and hid myself with the boys. When my aunt called us asking us to
go back outside, I couldn't find a seat. The tables were dispersed but the
seats were all taken. Where could I seat? What conversation could I join?

My other aunt questioned me about my plans. What could I do? What did I plan to
do? What do I want?

People who I don't know came. People I should know where there.

"It's been a while since the last time we saw each other," informed me my
father's older sister.

She's right. Does she know me? Do the rest of my aunts and uncles?

They know my name and how I look. Is that what and who I am? A name and an
appearance?

My uncle will marry next month. We just met the bride. She just met me and
probably knows me just as well as the rest of the party.

I don't know what they see. When they look at me, do their eyes see me or their
memories of who I've been? They see a face; a name attached to it and a series
of connections and memories.

When strangers—like the man who just met me and thought I was a woman—look at
me, they see just a face. A face and a body. There is no connection to old
memories memories.

Or are there, perhaps to their own life? Maybe they see their own son or
daughter; an old friend. Maybe my smile is just like their deceased father's.
Maybe my eyes remind them of a lost love. Maybe my hands are long and thin like
someone they knew and cared about.

I can't know of any of those memories, whether they're from acquaintances or
strangers. I can't perceive what people feel or think when they face me. The
only thing I can know is what they tell me.

_I thought you were a woman._ _Welcome, girls._

Were they the only ones who see it or are they the only ones who said it?

Does it make a difference?

They see something, they look, they turn. What's the point of looking to the
cause of their curiousness? Is there a difference if they looked because I am
a man in a dress or because we were two girls holding hands?

Who am I? Am I the name I introduce myself with or the name written on my id?

Am I a man because my papers say so or because there is a dick hanging between
my legs?

This Thursday I won't have a patient. A two hour class and a last session.
I can go straight from therapy to the hospital and two hours later there is
nothing until the movie.

"Guys, would you mind if I wear a skirt this Thursday to the movies?" I asked
them, I told them. The plan is set.

Why don't I feel like doing it anymore?

No, I do; I want to. I wish I could have shown the picture to my mother just as
I sent it to Anahí. Would she say something similar? Does it fit a little big
but my legs look good?

I don't look weird. I look normal. Everything looks fine. There is no reason
for anyone to turn and stare.

Maybe it was Catherine; maybe it was our holding hands.

Of course not.

What will my father think? What will he feel? Will he say it? Maybe his mouth
will stay shut and his face will scream.

Will I do it before Thursday?

Will it matter?

### Monday, November 16th, 2015 "I see the posts where the three of us
commented and they don't make sense."

"Aw, yeah, me too."

"Because Sofía's don't appear."

"Sofi's comments are missing."

...

"I mean, I understand, but it's not like you can delete Iván. I don't know how
you feel... I can't even imagine it, but I love Iván very much and we went
through beautiful and nice moments. I wouldn't like for him to be forgotten
forever. But again, I don't know how you do feel. If you don't want to open
again your facebook and want to forget Iván, well, that's ok."

Yesterday I forgot to take my pills. There has been almost three months since
I started taking them. Even half a day without them were enough to give me
a glimpse of the darkness. That familiar drought and heaviness. It was a somber
and low voice, a deafening laugh that preceded its comment. _Welcome back,_ it
said just as he laughed again and mocked me.

I took just one pill. Half of my dosage. Why?

It's a known phenomenon. People who are on psychiatric medication, just after
its effects appear, they suffer a paradoxical risk of relapse. They feel
better; the know they are better and they stop their treatment. _Why should
they keep taking it? They are better, they never needed it_.

It's the opposite with me. I forgot to take them and I felt worse. I need them;
I knew and confirmed I need them. Why did I lower my own dosage?

Do I miss it?

Yesterday I talked with Catherine about my writing. I am good; I can
communicate well. Is it because I studied or did I decide to study it because
I knew I was good at it?

I was surprised at how much I liked the writings of the last months of high
school. Nobody disliked what I wrote. People would read me and tell me I was
talented. In middle school, girls would pass my jean notebook to read it.

I published several on Myspace and waiter for the number of visitors to come
up. I'd look at it several times. It never got up to three digits, but there
was only one viewer I cared about.

I wanted to communicate my feelings and that worked. With my words I met Monica
and got her back a million times.

With words she sent me away and, also with them, I reconciled with her just to
turn her away.

Now, I write for nobody. I write for me.

In Spain I wrote for me; just for me, I kept writing. I have thousands of words
that no one but myself has seen.

What would happen if someone read them? Would they even care? Will someone ever
read this sentence and get a sense of who I am right now?

_Is the writer a he or a she? Is the writer the same person? Has he changed or
was she always the same?_

I sometimes wish even I could remember how I looked as I was writing. I wish
I had taken a picture or a video and got it attached to the text; a secret
feature that only I would know about.

Isn't that what words are for? To get a look of the writer's real self; the
writer's thoughts, and feelings, and wonders, and fears; the writer's successes
and failures.

That is what all of these journal entries are, they are snapshots of my true
self. Who cares how I looked or appeared? What does it matter, the clothes
I wore that day or the type of glasses through which I saw? Does it make
a difference if I wore pajama pants, or jeans, or a skirt?

I am a person just like you. My body aches and feels pleasure just like yours.
I cry like your little sister and laugh like your big brother. I have dreams
and fears and vices and virtues just like you. These words will never show you
how I look or sound or dress like. They will show you what nor who I am.
They'll show you and the world what's really important: what I feel, think,
wonder, fear, hate, love; how I am.

They'll show you, and anyone who reads this, what made me just like you and
what made me unique.

### Tuesday, November 17th, 2015 "You are a bad girlfriend, but a good
psychologist."

I opened Facebook again. Why should I leave it closed?

Anahí was right; I can't pretend that Iván is someone I can delete or negate.
I am the same person. There are memories, moments, that happened and were
shared with people. She loved him. Catherine, too. Monica shared with him her
love, her confidence, and her youth.

Just as I avoided Monica and ran away from her, I kept my distance from
Facebook.

I wasn't over it. I deleted his profile, his statuses, his pictures. All the
things he said or did were gone—not just for me, but for everyone.

People did miss him. Jessica noted his absence. Just like Johanna, Monica, and
my uncle. Different cities and places in the world.

What would happen if they found me instead? Would I be recognized?

Just as I returned to Monica and let her leave me, I opened Facebook again.
I signed in and looked into the almost hundred notifications. There was nothing
new; a lot of things happened but nothing that mattered. There were a lot of
people there; a lot of pictures, and comments, and events. Who cares?

Monica's status was the first thing that appeared. Hers was the first profile
I looked. I thought I wouldn't be able to contain the need to look for her and
see what had she done.

Did she go to a party? Does she love him? Does he treat her well? Is she happy?

I saw through numerous phrases, but they said nothing. A lot of texts and
images yet not a single important thing. Empty words. I scrolled and felt
nothing.

I remembered Halloween. The last day we talked weeks ago she'd go to the United
States. I'd look for her while we waited in line and feel her presence around
us.

I opened the pictures despite not feeling any wish to scroll. I didn't care and
it was weird, different. There were the picture of her instagram where she's
with her friends standing in her disguise and the four of them are smiling.

_I don't get used to you referring yourself as a woman._

I felt like a freak. I was not a woman; I was not a man; I was something else.
I deserved not a name nor be called; I deserved nothing.

I hated her again. I hurt her again.

That same day, Anahí would use his name, my old name. The real name, the
official one. The one everybody knows me by.

What do people see when I stand in front of them?

I arrived today and there was the old woman from the house across the street.
She was watering her plants hiding in the blackness of the night. I got off the
car and went for my dad to exchange parking spots. When the cars where moved,
I got off and waited reclined on the Jetta's bumper. My father got off and
I heard her voice calling him.

"Good evening, sir", she said in high voice from where she was standing. Her
words came after I saw my father's acknowledgement and smile.

She repeated herself in a little higher voice "Good evening, ma'am". I was
standing by his side now. He had crossed the pick-up to my side. Did she
mistake him? Did she see someone else? Maybe someone had entered, except there
was nobody else. Was she talking to me? Did I hear wrong?

Did she see me as my mother or just a woman? I'm taller than my father; I'm the
tallest person in the house. It was late and dark.

Why did I smile when I was alone in my room?

Manuel Mejia told us to practice making Ceneval items. I wanted to do it.
I really had the intention to make the assignment. There was no time; there is
no time.

Tomorrow we will see Paola and her son. All of us, but Anahí will get reunited.
I feel like I am betraying her. I don't like this feeling.

Yesterday we were talking about going to disneyland in December. Will it really
happen? I'd really like that.

Tomorrow we'll have Psycholinguistics. I don't know if it's our turn to give
a presentation. I am tired of those kind of classes. I am tired of school, this
kind of school.

I was in the last module of the course and I liked it. Nobody else does, nobody
likes these research subjects. How can I study something that none of my
colleagues is interested in? That's supposed to be better for me; if nobody
wants to enter, there is no competition.

Thursday I'll have my last therapy session. I'll have a test later and then
we'll go to the movies. Four years ago, I watched the last movie of a series
with my friends before entering university as somebody's boyfriend. Thursday
I'll watch the last movie of another series with my friends just before
graduating.

This time I won't be nobody's boyfriend. This time I'll be the girlfriend.

### Wednesday, November 18th, 2015 "I love you! You are always welcome as in my
home as in my life. Thank you, team of seven."

...

"Paola doesn't know about you."

"No, she doesn't know I'm her girlfriend."

"Just _partners_, because she doesn't even know about the terms and all of
that."

"I'll kiss her and freak her out."

How can I start? How will I end?

I had just one class today. It was the last thing of my day. Everything is
finishing. Next week will be our big test. Then, after that, the final classes.

It's not just the semester that is ending. School and therapy; my normality.

I opened Facebook looking for the girl who answered that the mail of the
teacher with the test material was deleted and lost. I saw her face but
I didn't recognize her. I came back to the first page. _What's new?_, I thought
and scrolled, giving a peek to everyone's actuality.

The picture of Monica popped up. It was disconcerting. What was she doing here?
She's still part of my life. Facebook is not my life; it's my past. She and her
notifications, no matter how recent, don't belong to me. They belong to my
past.

I wore a t-shirt, black with long sleeves and a long neckline. I hadn't worn it
since high school. It's the last small sized garment I have left. I wore it
countless times before; it was almost a part of my uniform. Under my polo
shirt, it clenched my body and covered my arms. It was always usually something
I'd wear under a shirt or other thing, never by itself.

This was the first time I wore a bra underneath it. Did somebody notice?

No, nobody ever notices.

I wore the new sweater over it; I had to cover. I am not sure how to be
exposed. I was hot when I stepped out of Catherine's car, but she said the
strap was noticeable on my shoulder.

I've worn a skirt; I've worn a dress in that same place. What made today
different?

I didn't shave. I haven't shaved in two days. The shadow is not darker than
other times. I thought it would be worse. It's just there, like always. It
scares me a little to think that tomorrow there will still be darkness around
my mouth. What if it never goes away?

I've seen signs. Yesterday I was convinced to up my dosage again. Two pills,
just like before. What stopped me?

I bought the two bottles and yet I have 4 pills left. If I keep taking one
they'll last me a whole month. Just until Christmas.

Even with just one pill in my system I was fine. I was hapy, I was well.

I was impulsive, too, almost manic. I hit the claxon in Catherine's car while
she was behind it, driving. I took my hand out of the window and flipped off
the taxi driver that hurried her.

I feel this emptiness inside of me; as if something is missing. Is it just
nervousness of tomorrow? Maybe is vertigo as I get closer to the edge of this
part of my life.

Catherine and I bought the pills. We looked for the tights, but bought make up
instead. I bought the tights.

We were in the store when Eusebio called. We'd meet with them in the park.

They were on the swing the seven of us were two years ago.

Paola met us there.

We met the other Paola in her house. The little boy is now a year old. What
will happen of him? I met her mother before even the thought of him formed in
her mind. I existed before even the idea of him were born, before his father
and his mother met. It was a whole different time; another life.

The class was pointless. The same information. It's supposed to be my field of
study. I am supposed to be writing the interview report. Why haven't I started?

I did start.

I picked up my journal again. I am with Helena remembering what happened the
day before. It's a different time and a whole different life. It feels so far
from now that it almost hurts.

What would she think if she knew what I'm going through? I told Johanna what
happened with me and Monica and she understood her. What would she think if she
knew Monica was a part of my life for another year, that just now she really
left?

Tomorrow will be my last session. I don't know what will happen after that. I'm
thankful that it will be the first thing of my day.

### Thursday, November 19th, 2015 _Estoy cambiada en la pizzeria donde vinimos
todos hace años. Será la primera vez que me vean así._

_Hoy terminó mi terapia._

### Friday, November 20th, 2015 "I made an agreement of 100 sessions with
Iván."

I finished the formality of 100 required sessions. They ended. I closed that
stage.

I was wearing a women's sweater and a pair of women's jeans. Almost all of my
clothes were women's. All of it was mine, nothing borrowed. The only masculine
thing I was wearing was the black undershirt.

I talked and René gave me closure. He told me what he saw; the signs he
observed. I was hidden and in a strong shell. I came calmly and sat and gave
a synopsis of my week's classes. I talked about nothing. There was something
I had hidden. Something from which I was strongly disassociated. I was supposed
to lose all barriers and censors and talk freely. How could I show my true self
if I was unaware I was wearing a mask? How could I expose myself if even
I ignored what was hidden behind it?

_Salamanca is a bubble where everything is perfect and good._ Somewhere from
where have to go out and come back to reality and it hurts. I lived in my own
bubble. Certain things fractured it, tumbled it until it broke. Like Pandora's
box, all of the sorrows went out.

Iván will no longer go to session.

"The process with Iván will end. Maybe, later, a new process with another
person will begin. Maybe instead of Iván, I'll start seeing Sofía."

I smiled and accepted.

He explained how he knew I asked certain people to call me that, but never him.
I, then, did it.

I thought it was the perfect day for telling Eusebio and Jessica.

I forgot to pay him.

We did the exam and then we were free. In the end, Anahí would not meet with
Catherine and me. We were freer than we expected.

Catherine and I checked in the hotel for the afternoon. I was wearing pants
when we came in to the room and a skirt and makeup when we stepped out of it.

I see the pictures now. I see the same person I first saw in Mexicali wearing
a mask. It was new and strange. It was...

I wanted people to see me. I wanted Anahí, and Eusebio and Jessica to see how
I looked. To see me how I wanted them to know me. I wished for the world to see
me and acknowledge me. I was looking for everybody's reaction.

When we walked down from the hotel to the pizza place there was a psychotic
person sweeping the street.

"Hello, ladies", he threw at us before going back to his conversation with
himself.

People saw us without any reaction. I couldn't differentiate between being
ignored and being normal; in any case I was unworthy of attention.

We came back to the hotel and spent the afternoon there.

We got to the plaza. We waited a while in the car until the time we agreed to
meet. It was different to the week before when I was wearing a dress and
Catherine was holding my hand. The two of us felt different. Now, it was more
comfortable.

We were so lost in the sweetness of the day until Catherine snatched us out of
it.

"Is she Monica?"

There was a girl walking with her boyfriend. We only saw her back. Was she?

Who cared? I wanted to be there; I wanted to be seen with Catherine. She would
see me dressed like this, with a smile drawn in red lips and black eyes full of
happiness. I hoped she were her.

And then, Jessica and Eusebio walked by and the thought went further and
further away until it was forgotten.

Jessica had a serious face, she seemed irritated. Was I the reason? Maybe my
presence was unpleasant. No, she had just a headache with nausea. We would talk
later in the Starbucks and she would be OK.

People looked at me, but there were no emotions on their faces. I was just
somebody.

The Starbucks closed and we moved to a bench nearby. Eusebio told us about his
session of the day after our meeting with Paola. One of the people who were in
the bench besides us came towards Catherine and I were sitting.

"_Disculpa, muchacha. ¿Nos podrías tomar una foto?_"

I was convinced she was talking to Catherine; I turned because I was on the
edge. Her eyes were set on me and her phone was placed on my hands. I had no
time to answer.

I stood up silently and they posed. They laughed.

"Take several", someone within the group said as they were repositioning
themselves. I took five or six. Everyone's eyes were set on me, the person
facing all of them. They were looking at her phone which was in my hands which
were just in front of my face.

I extended her phone back to her and she asked me if I took just one or
a couple. I didn't want to speak. I knew my voice would betray me. I knew it
would sound as deep and low as an animal's growl. I drew the word with my lips
and made a gesture with my hand. That seemed to work.

"What happened?" asked Catherine with the rest of the group smiling behind her.

"Nothing, I just took a picture of them".

"It's 10H41 and this theme of conversation has just ended," interjected Eusebio
sarcastically.

We were under the stairs of the theather. We had just bought food for the
movie. Eusebio and Jessica met with somebody he knew. They introduce their
respective girlfriends. Catherine and I stood apart. How could I introduce
myself? Would I say Iván? Would I let them? Maybe Catherine could somehow save
me? How could I come up with a name they don't even know? Like the rest of the
day, Catherine and I went unnoticed.

Later, she would also see somebody known; Catherine was the one who saw her
first.

"With my luck, she will be here", I had told Catherine after thinking we had
just seen Monica. "She will be in the same theater, and she will be sitting
next to us. We were just worrying about seeing someone known today, about me
being recognized. Of course she will be the one. Everything has to always fit."

"She was Monica," whispered Catherine towards me as we were standing outside
the theather.

Monica had colour on her lashes. She waved her hand and smiled excitedly. It
was a fake one like all the ones I'd seen her perform before from her side. Her
new boyfriend was now by her side, in the place I used to be. I had thought
about her seeing me, recognizing me. But, what about him?

"Awkward moment," Jessica said after they passed by.

We were just about to enter the theater. A line was formed outside the entrance
and I was leading the way of our group. I saw him standing by the end of the
line. I had to be seen, just then; it could not be avoided.

What has she told him? What has she said to her family? What was it that she
said to him after they passed by?

_Did you see that person? She's my ex-boyfriend._

He was by himself. The restrooms were next to where he was standing; the line
of people passed him by.

He was still there as I clutched Catherine's hand and, like a 5 year old,
I shut my eyes to not be seen.

Before the start of the movie, they entered from that same door and climbed up
the stairs. They sat down 5 or 6 rows in front of us.

I didn't see them after the movie. I didn't want to face her, to know of her
again.

I searched her Facebook for a post about the night, as if in her picture would
I be able to have a glimpse of her thoughts about seeing me out there. What did
she see? What did _he_?

How did I look?

Why do I care? Why do I keep caring?

I was going to tell Eusebio and Jessica, but I couldn't.

Catherine asked me if she wasn't going to ruin my day. She didn't.

No, she didn't. Did she?

Today I was at Catherine's. We saw a movie; the first half of it. We both were
wearing Mountain Dew t-shirts as we laid on the couch with her dog beneath us.
She would come to us and stand by our legs. The same dog that once bit me and
furiously barked at me now came to me and let herself be stroked and pet.

Has she been seeing me differently, too?

Her parents came and saw us. Her father told her that there were no chips to
offer me. Just as I arrived to her house he was leaving to go see their
mechanic. He called her a little after asking her if she needed something else
from the Oxxo.

Her father doesn't know about me nor her. Her father just knew that her
daughter's boyfriend, Iván, was with her.

Her mother does know about us. She still see us as Catherine and Iván. I don't
know how she sees me. I don't know if she thinks I'm her boyfriend, still, or
something more complicated.

Will they know some day? Would they treat me the same? Would they ask us,
girls, if we want something to eat?

Would they see me as Sofía, her daughter's girlfriend? Would some day my own
family see her as their daughter's girlfriend?

### Saturday, November 21st, 2015 "If you want him to trust you, you have to
trust him first"

I dreamed something today. What was it?

I remember the school and being mistaken a lot; being called a girl and
referred to as a she. I went out, for some reason, from Vinicio's class.

He asked me why he hadn't seen me. Catherine was talking with him as I came
back.

I went to the restrooms with a bike. I got it inside the building without
seeing the note that forbid them. The principal, or someone like that, was just
passing by with other important people.

"Who left this here?" I heard.

I was in the men's restroom. Why would I be in the women's? I am a man, after
all. Except now, it was different. I was a man and everybody saw me as a woman.

"Oh, she has come out of the bathroom," someone observed as I pleaded for
forgiveness and asked for my bike back.

Garab waved me bye when I left the faculty riding my bike. He pointed to my
coloured bracelet like the day before when I was awake.

He had seen it. I wore it all day. Nobody noticed it, byt him.

No, not a single person pointed it out, but I don't know how many saw it.
Another one of the things I can't and won't ever know.

We were in the movies and Eusebio was talking about the day before. I never
realized until Catherine pointed it out. Now I can't differentiate yesterday
from the rest of the past. When was it, that I was in Catherine's house? I was
wearing the Mountain Dew t-shirt. The white bra underneath could be noticed and
I didn't care. Her mother and father were there and I remained as exposed as
the rainbow on my wrist.

Would I still be wearing it if, instead of the gay rainbow, were a mixture of
white, blue and pink? Would I like it more?

I guess I do. If I didn't, I wouldn't have mentioned it to Catherine.

I could have gone today to her house. We could have worked in the spreadsheet
I wanted so much to finish yesterday.

My family and I went to the United States instead. I already bought shoes last
week. I couldn't dare to wander around the women section.

Why did I want to go now? What was so important for me to go that I postponed
doing what I wanted with the person I wanted?

We ate breakfast and I talked. I talked about my future; what I wanted, what
I liked; the things I enjoy. The cashier with long hair recognized me from the
time before.

"Nice hair, bro" he had said that time. "I have it long, too", as he showed his
tied bun.

"Did you cut your hair?", he said this time when I finished giving him my
order.

I shook my head to answer and show him the curls.

Later in Ikea I would see another person I recognized. Was that person trans?
I saw their long hair, too. It was tied in a long ponytail. Their eyebrows were
thin and clean; the care of somebody's hand's work was seen in them.

I remember the first time I saw that worker. I can recall the moment, but not
its distance in time from today. Was it when I was looking for my bed? Was it
when I was in so much pain that I could barely sleep? Did I see myself in that
person? What was in that smile today that I remembered?

A lady got near when their delicate hands moved graciously putting the yellow
bags in the basket. How do people gender that person? I don't remember hearing
their voice. Was that the same cashier which serviced us?

I could see the same black points that scream in my own face. Maybe that's why
I'm so afraid to gender them. I know the pain of the doubt dissolving in
people's eyes. Would that person care? Maybe I am offending them avoiding
giving an answer. They were not wearing a bra nor had any signs of breasts.
Their clothes were slim and their jeans normal. There was nothing. Maybe nobody
but me noticed it. Maybe it's all just in my head.

Again, my mother talked with Luis. They talked about the pictures that had been
found. I couldn't take it anymore. I was trembling with rage. I put myself in
his place.

What would happen if it had been me instead, and they had found porn in my
laptop.

No, my father saw the pictures of me wearing a skirt. He told my mother and
they both called me to their bedroom. They ask me the questions.

_Why did I wear that? What was my motivation and reason? Why? When? Why?_

Every question like a punch would torture me. How can I lie? How can I escape?

Every question, every pull, every throb of pain pushes me away, makes it more
impossible for me to talk. I drown, the water fills my lungs as I try to scream
for help and air. Every gasp of air pushes me further towards death.

"What you're doing is wrong," I finally told her trying to catch my breath.

We talked and she cried again. She said she feels her sons so far away. _Why
can't we trust her? Why won't we open up?_

I explain my own reasons when I talk for Luis. "He'll do it whenever he's
ready. He has a right to keep his own secrets."

"They are women's," Luis said when I gave the box to my father as if I didn't
know.

"Are you buying woman's shoes?" he confirmed the obvious, incredulous.

"He's buying woman's shoes," he shared the truth with my father, but my dad
appeared to deny it.

I got up and walked upstairs. I saw him seating on the last steps looking down,
hiding in the darkness he's so scared of.

"Did you hear what we talked about?", I plan to ask him whenever I open up to
him.

### Sunday, November 22nd, 2015 "Iván Fernandez has updated her profile
picture"

What is this that I am feeling right now? I feel something deep in my chest.
It's heavy and dark. I see the color black. No, a purplish brown.

"You are free to go and see whomever you want. If you feel that the results
aren't what you want or that there are not enough changes, you are free to go."

Am I really?

Next session I can talk about the movie. Being seen; the girl who saw me and
asked me for favor; Eusebio and Jessica; Monica and her boyfriend—I have a lot
to talk about. Luis and my mother; I want the hormones.

I can't keep still. I feel so much energy inside of me that's burning. I have
to move and do something. I had a glimpse of happiness and I can't ignore it.

Is it really happiness or is it a trap?

He warned me how I'm feeling is something that everybody goes through when
they're changing.

Three weeks have passed since the last time I spoke a word to her.

Just two more weeks of classes and then university is gone. Where will I go
next? What will I do? Whom will I be?

I went to Catherine's house today. I worked on the spreadsheet and watched an
episode of Black Mirror in her couch. Her dog doesn't bark to me anymore. She
comes when I call her name. She lets me rub her.

"What did you do to her that now she likes you a little more?" asked me
Catherine.

"You like me now and she knows it".

What is the thought that sneaks trough my mind? What is that darkened image
that gives me goosebumps?

I can't concentrate right now. I can't think of something to write. It's like
there is an interference blocking the flow of images and feelings; a blockage
somewhere, an emergency system that shuts before the alarm blares.

I saw the trailer—was it yesterday? The Danish Girl. Barack Obama will make an
event where he'll show that movie and episodes of the series Transparent. For
a long time I avoided everything related to the subject.

No, that's not true. I looked for those themes. I remember memorizing the intro
of the episode in Pokemon where Ash and his friends enter this new city and the
camera looks from under their faces as they feel overthrown by the magnitude of
the buildings. That episode was the one where Ash has to dress in a pink dress
and pretend to be a girl so he can battle the gym leader. I did not look for
that episode; I did not record it. I did not even watch it more times than the
rest. The intro was just ingrained in my memory because there was something in
there that kidnapped my attention.

Sakura cardcaptors. I never followed that anime. Just one episode I remember
where they are in a gender-bending play.

I liked—and felt embarrassed about it—watching the anime Ranma 1/2. A young man
who fell in a cursed spring bath. A redheaded girl had drowned in there. Now,
every time that he was wet with hot water he transformed in a redheaded girl.

I remember being a child and watching a movie as I lied on my bed. It was late
at night and everyone was asleep. I repeated the part of the movie where the
little boy had to pretend to be a girl.

There is a pattern in all those memories. Was I really so oblivious? No, I knew
there was something there. I knew and I was ashamed. I liked the games
I sometimes played with Jessica, but I never asked her to play them. I was
ashamed when Edgar passed by one time and looked at us. I was scared somebody
could look at me and see through my head into my mind.

I had to hide; hide everything, every wish and feeling. I put on a mask to show
the world. I was always the serious kid, the calm child, the smart boy. Maybe
I was what everyone wanted from me because I knew I could never be what
I wanted for myself.

I never disliked the changes of puberty. I ignored them. Maybe looking like
a man I'd feel different?—No, I'm putting thoughts and feelings in my past.
I did ignore them; I never cared.

I was always scared of injections. I was scared for a whole year for a single
vaccine. Now, I'll need frequent bloodwork if I want the treatment. I remember
thinking I'd deny a live-saving treatment if it involved the use of syringes.
Is hormonal treatment life saving? Why don't I care anymore? Why do I want it
more than anything?

It's not really life-saving for me. I won't die if I don't start it.

It will allow me to really live. It's not life-saving, but life-giving.

### Monday, November 23th, 2015 "I feel like wearing a dress or something very
girly."

I know I dreamed something. I can't remember any details, but I recognize the
sensation of losing a known world.

I wrote a new tweet yesterday on the alternate Twitter account. Only two people
follow me; only two know of my existence. Why do I post things? I'm screaming
in an empty room where nobody can hear me.

What did we do today? Catherine came for me. I didn't shave; I could have, but
I decided not to. I used the electric razor instead. Why?

Tomorrow Catherine will come agian. She told me she'd drive me all week.

"Thursday you'll go to therapy," she told me as the thought entered her head,
"well, we can see it then, but the rest of the week."

She drove us to her therapy. I waited outside.

"Thanks, son", Liliana said after I told her something. She has to call me just
as everybody.

I don't know what Catherine has told her. Would using another gender break the
confidential agreement with Catherine; whatever Catherine talks about in there
has to stay there.

What happened then the first day I went? She used the feminine that time.

Did she know it was me? Who I were? Was it a lapsus?

Today we did enter Vinicio's class. He saw a patient and then asked for
observations. I participated. I opened my mouth and let a little view of inside
my thoughts for everybody to take a peek. That's what he wanted. He talked
about assignments, exceptions, positive connotation.

What would he tell me had I been the patient? René told me I could go with
whomever I wanted wherever I wanted. I don't want a therapist anymore—I do need
one, it would be absurd to say otherwise. But I need a doctor, an
endocrinologist. Someone who can fix my body rather than my mind.

Jhonny gave us a survey from one of his friends. It was a market study about
craft beers. Catherine and I know little about them, but we do drink them
sometimes. Edgar brews them. There were no difficult questions. It surprised me
they didn't ask about my age or my gender this time. Except those questions
wouldn't come until the second page. I skipped the gender one. Why do they
care? Does it make a difference? Yes, it does. There is a purpose of knowing
whether men or women are the ones who prefer them or which types are most
bought by whom or what gender goes to which places. It's not that they don't
need the information, it's that I don't know what is it they want from me.
Either I lie to them or I lie to myself.

I finished and kept the sheet. The sun was blinding me and I used it to cover
my eyes. I did see some things. I heard some of the words they were speaking.
I followed some of the session that was happening in front of the class.
I looked into Catherine's sheets. It used to be a secret shared by both of us.
Two years ago we both had to give a talk about transvestism. We hadn't have
done it yet ourselves, but we were partners in that crime. I felt safe in her
company. She helped my carry some of the guilt and some of the shame. As time
went by, our paths drifted apart. Now, I am not alone since she's still by my
side. I am alone, though, carrying this secret. She has her own; hers is
different to mine. To her, it's a big and heavy weight to carry. Mine, to me,
is the biggest and cruelest burden anybody could ever imagine.

She thanked me just now about me being here for her; listening, asking
questions, staying whenever she cries. Has she forgotten how she has been here
for me as well? My world, my reality, my whole self broke in front of my eyes
and she stayed there to help me pick up the pieces.

I don't deserve her thanks. After she listened, stayed, and held my hand I left
her on her birthday to never come back. I transformed on my stay in Spain;
I changed to never be the same. I wasn't the April she was getting used to
like; I stopped being the Sofía she thought I had left behind. I came back as
a shadow of what I was supposed to be. I wore the mask of a phantom.

"I'd never given it a thought: I didn't say good bye to Ivan."

### Tuesday, November 24th, 2015 "Va a sufrir un montón."

"Estudió psicología, es por eso."

It wasn't Anahí's birthday today yet we gave her a present and a card. We
bought a snoopy mug and a _quinceañera_ card. We scratched off some things and
decorated it. I wrote something for her after Catherine did.

"Do you have a picture with Anahí?" asked me Catherine.

I sent her one from Halloween. Was it because it was the last time we saw each
other or because it's the only time I've showed her my real self?

_Real self_, those fucking words make me sick. I'm tired of writing and saying
this kind of melodramatic bullshit.

I want to scream. I have only one self, I am one single person. I may be sick
and broken, but that is who I fucking am. I'm tired of drowning in this
self-deprecating pit of sadness and cliché words.

Why am I this angry?

Did I take my life-pills?

My death-pills.

I did. Only one, but they'll last me. I'll ask my father for money tomorrow.

Catherine wants to live alone. She liked being alone and not needing anyone.
Even if we went to the capital for our master's, after returning she'd wish to
live on her own. It hurt me, but I can't pinpoint why exactly.

I'd like being alone; living alone. I don't mind it. Even then, I was scared of
the idea of being on my own as a woman. Be it Mexico City or Vienna, I was
scared of not being with her. After she said that; after hearing Zayra talk
about her own age and the time she left after studying and deciding to stay and
do something else; I lost that fear, I decided to go.

Catherine talked about how, to her, it meant doing something different. She's
always seen herself doing what's next; to her, staying here and looking for
a job is changing that pattern.

Maybe that's how it is to her. To me, it's the other way around. To me looking
for a job, postponing the master and staying in my father's house living this
life, that for me is continuing doing the same thing; it's avoiding what
I really want and taking the path of what I want to do, who I want to be.

We went to the Castro-Limon foundation, a children's cancer hospital. We had
a talk with the director of the psychooncology department. It was about the
types of grief in children. What is it for a kid to know that they soon will
die? How is it for a little boy to lose his big sister? How is it for parents
to realize their little girl won't live enough to reach her puberty?

The receptionist addressed us all as women. I was a man surrounded by women.
The psychologist, though, kept using masculine pronouns, the neutral ones.
Everytime I am in a group of women and they talk in neutral pronouns, it's
because of me. They change their way of talking after seeing me, noticing me.
I am the reason we stop being a group of women. I am the one who changes the
whole group. Every "guys" comes with a look to my own eyes.

We entered in pairs to see the aisles. We tied back our hair and wore
facemasks. There were kids playing with one of the other psychologists. One of
them was in a wheelchair, the other one was seated.

We talked after Anahí's session. We went to the café besides the Chinese place
where we once ate. We sat on the second floor. Again, like Halloween, the
barista said _bienvenidas_ when Catherine and Anahí were in front. I hid behind
their femininity. Did he look at me? No, nobody does; when they do, the group
changes and we transform to a group requiring masculine pronouns.

Anahí's mother and brother both know about me. It wasn't until we were on the
way home that I asked her.

"Did you tell Isaias about me?"

"Yes... I should tell him the next session, _do you remember the girl who was
beside me?, yeah, that's the one._"

Catherine cried yesterday after I asked her about going to sleep. We stayed out
of my house talking inside her car. What were we talking about? Something she's
hiding. What is she so scared of showing that she has to cover with degrees?
Why is she so scared of evaluations? What is she hiding behind the false unmet
expectations of being a bad student?

She cried and everything that I moved, trembled.

"_It should be the other way around_; I saw myself talking about my mother as
if she were the child and me not taking my own place."

I always told her I wouldn't come back from Spain. Even in that assignment from
our humanities class, I couldn't see a future after returning from Spain.
Yolanda feared I would kill myself over there. I was supposed to die and never
come back.

In a way, I did. Iván died there and never returned; his future ended.

### Wednesday, November 25th, 2015 "_No sé, a nosotras nos pareció gracioso._"

"_Muchachas, está ocupado este asiento?_"

I couldn't woke up today. It's hard, I feel tired. The day has ended and
I still need to make the report from last week. I heard the door and their
voices. He entered my room, but I can't remember what was the reason he used to
come in. He was interrupting a dream. I remember the scene; it's like the room
is dark, like my eyes are full of water and I cover myself in the shelter of my
sheets. I was not sad. I had no reason to be sad, nothing has happened.

Yesterday I saw them, Catherine and Anahí. I did send her a message.

"Thank you for opening up to us, I really liked seeing you. You looked pretty,
I don't think I told you."

Catherine would ask me later if we talked. No, we didn't. I sent her a message,
but it was nothing. She answered it today in the afternoon—Or was it earlier?
Anahí asked Catherine if she had gotten angry about the status she wrote on
Catherine's phone. She was.

Anahí talked about me using feminine pronouns. Why does it feel weird still?
Why is it so strange? I wasn't part of the conversation. I wasn't there and it
was something I wasn't supposed to read or know.

I can understand it from Catherine. Anahí still stumbles with it. It's not the
first time it's happened.

Liliana and Catherine talk in the same way. Carlos,too. Whenever she talks with
Miguel she doesn't use that name.

Does he? He sees me as a man.

Does Anahí see me as a feminine man? An affeminate man with a wish to be
treated as one of them? Is my name a nickname? Why does it feel so demeaning?
It borders pathetic.

Except that's what it is; a wish.

I had thought about saying it, mentioning it to Eusebio and Jessica.

I considered telling the name and and even explaining more to Paola. _Just so
you don't think they are preferred_. It's easier to tell her.

No, it's not; it's the same.

I saw Eusebio and Jessica before the movie. I was wearing a skirt and my face
was full of make up. I got called "girl". I had the time, the opportunity, the
atmosphere. Everything was there just for me to make use of it. I let it
escape.

Why does it scare me?

Why did I prefer to send a text message to René cancelling next session instead
of calling him? I was scared. I was scared of dialing and waiting for him to
pick up. What would I say next after his _yes?_. How would I introduce myself.
I am scared of meeting a new psychologist or seeking a doctor. It was easier
making up a motive, a problem.

How will I introduce myself?

Who am I?

Should I say _Iván_?

He asked me how I wanted to be referred in session. I took his offer.

How could I say Iván, then? How can I say Sofía? Am I her? Am I me?

What if he laughs? What if he gets confused?

What if I am wrong?

How can I go to a doctor and ask for pills? That's what scares me; not the
pills, not their effects, not the idea of taking them. I'm afraid of asking for
them.

I want them to be offered to me. I want him to put them in my hands to wave
them in front of me just as he did with the antidepressants and the name; just
as Anahí asked me how should she refer to me after I mumbled and rambled; just
as I am waiting for Eusebio and Jessica to give it to me, too, unasked.

If I talk, if I ask, they might say no.

Monica said no. Monica left. Monica is gone.

Iván is gone, too.

I killed him and I sent her away.

It sometimes is weird to look at the picture on my bookshelf. The gift she gave
me for one of my birthdays. There's a picture of her in a grey dress besides
me. She's small and smiling. My arm surrounds her and I'm bigger, with a bigger
smile. Both of them are strangers now. They are both part of a past that is no
more. I see them as a foggy dream from which I just woke up; an image that will
dissipate and get lost forever.

### Thursday, November 26th, 2015 "It's not that I won't like it. It's that
I won't make it."

"I'm scared that I won't make it either. The difference is that for me is not
just a master; I can't reapply again or pick another one. If I fail, I have no
other choice."

"How would you not make it?"

"I don't know, failing to find somewhere to live or get a job; being
discriminated, pointed at, screamed to, assaulted, raped, killed."

I cried in her car like how I used to.

It wasn't exactly the same. This time it hurt; this time I could feel every
little prick of the pain. I let it hug me, its darkness covered me and I felt
its warmth surround me. I was burning and let the flames go through me. I cried
more and the tears flowed as my body was evaporating leaving nothing but my
fragile being behind.

In the morning I drove to the hospital. The plan was to meet there. The teacher
and the patient were supposed to arrive half an hour after Catherine. I was the
first one to get there. The guard saw me and let me in with a "champ" and
a "sir". Usually he uses only one.

He flirted innocently with Catherine. She was the prettiest woman who had
entered that day, he said.

"He was in a good mood," she explained.

The patient and her mother were not there. The teacher didn't arrive either, 15
minutes after the meeting time.

There was another thing different in today's morning. I shaved like I used to
do. Did I shave my chest or was that yesterday? I combed and tied my hair.
I took the angry birds bag full of make up out of my underwear drawer.

Did it change how I looked? Was it anything different in me? The guard, at
least, saw the same person he always does.

An hour after, the patient wasn't there. We talked instead with the professor.
I didn't know she is Colombian. I never imagined it.

She was kind and nice to us. She shared with us her story. I don't have to
share this secret of mine with her. I don't have to tell anybody; if I do, it's
because I want to.

She offered to give us a ride.

"See you later," she said.

We didn't return. I left my car in the parking lot of the Law building.
Catherine drove us to _Playas_. Dax, specifically. She would buy some things.
I wanted a lipstick; it's the only thing I was missing. I was wearing make up
when I got inside the store. I wore make up all day.

Did anybody notice it?

Nobody has said anything. Does that mean something?

Would they?

I bought one and tried it after coming back from Argana. It had little sparkles
in its color. My lips were pink and shiny. I hated it. I saw the shinning spots
of the drag queens' dresses and make up. I felt sick. That's not what I am;
this is not who I am. I asked Catherine to borrow one of the wipes she had
bought and cleaned my lipes.

"You didn't look like that," she told me. "I liked it, but I understand how you
felt."

Catherine drove us back to school. We had to be in the theater by 16h. Our
white polos were in the back seat. One men's medium and a women's large.
Catherine hadn't tried any of them before. I put mine, the man's, over my pink
t-shirt and then, over that, my gray sweater.

I accompanied her to the bathroom in the computer lab so she could change.
I offered her several times to change t-shirts. Mine was bigger and looser;
I am a little slimmer than her; mine might fit her better.

She denied my offers and came out of the bathroom looking fine. I was
disappointed. More than that, I was envious.

The ceremony was nothing special. We took pictures and smiled. We laughed and
sang the stupid hymn of the school.

We're done. We're almost out. It's so close to the end I can't really believe
it.

The last day of classes will be Tuesday, the 8th.

"You won't go to school after that?", asked my father when I told him. "When is
your graduation?

"Do you know what you'll do after? After school?"

"Yes." Now I do know exactly what I'll do; I'm just terrified of all of it.

### Friday, November 27th, 2015 "_Chicas, me ayudan llenando esta encuesta
sobre el servicio? En un minuto vuelvo por ellas._"

It's been 27 days of this month. The streak today will reach 27; tomorrow will
be four weeks. Four weeks will be the time before they tell us our results.

I dreamed about Monica. She said his name and I left the room.

Why does it matter? I didn't care, did I? Miguel, from elementary school was
the one who asked me how I was. She mentioned him, but I offended her.
I criticized her point of view.

I couldn't remember when I told Catherine about my dream. Now I recall even
less.

_I dreamed with Monica_ I wrote. I corrected myself. I don't dream with her,
I dream about her. In my dreams I construct an image of my perceptions made of
her memories, but she's not here nor there. She's somewhere.

Again, I thought about her. I was driving home. At first, when I started
redacting this sentenced, I feared it was while I was exchanging voice messages
with Catherine. Now, it is _with her_. She wasn't besides me, but even in the
distance Catherine was with me.

No, I hadn't started yet. Why did I think of her? What was it?

_If we had talked, if she had stayed; if we were friends still,_ I remember
now.

I had just left Catherine by her car on the hotel's parking lot. During the
recess we slept in there and talked about tomorrow.

_Could I wear the dress? Maybe the sweater..._ Why do I feel the need to look
like that again?

My car stopped just stepping out of the porche. I tried turning it on several
times; on the fifth one it started.

I didn't want to drive. It was better for me to leave now since it was dark and
raining.

So, I remembered the last time I was outside dressed like that. It was the day
of the movies. Eusebio and Jessica were with me. They said nothing, but a girl
did see me as a woman. The did say something, but I didn't continue. They
weren't the only ones who saw me. Monica did. I wanted to know what did she
think, what did she see. Did he see me, too? Does he know? Did he ask
something?

Why do I care?

Why do I care so much? A little part of me, a naïve part of me, hoped the next
day I'd receive a message from her trying to mend things up.

_You looked nice_, _You surprised me_, _I didn't expect to see you there_.

Something, anything. A question, a comment; some words with a little message
folded inside hiding an apology and the regret of letting the things like they
were.

I think that was what kept hurting me. Reminding myself that no matter how much
I try to fool myself, I still care and miss her.

I don't know what to write next.

It was the EGEL, the final exam. I started to get worried yesterday. I hadn't
studied nor cared. What if I wasn't as ready as I thought? What if I end up
with a mediocre score? I won't fool myself thinking I'll fail it. It would
actually surprise me, but part of me really hopes to get an onorific mention.
I didn't want to study, to actually try. It would hurt a lot more to try and
end up failing.

I didn't really expect it to be so easy. I saw the questions in the guide and
they were difficult, confusing. The ones in the test were clearer, easier. The
first section was familiar, the last one was almost fun. I like those subjects.
I enjoy the numbers and the research methods.

I fantasized about getting the medal; the mention during the graduation. Maybe
somebody who did study will get it. I didn't really try these last semesters.
It would be kind of unfair to me to win. Although it is unfair the idea that
I have to earn a greater score just because of who I am.

Most of them didn't know me a year ago. Now they asked questions. I looked like
some kind of expert. What do they see in me that gives them that idea?

What do they see in me at all?

What do everybody sees in me and why do I want to know about it so much?

### Saturday, November 28th, 2015 Three days until the end of the month. Then,
one week and classes will be over. I don't know yet how should I feel or what
will I do.

I don't want to think about school. That's why the chapter of the project
remains undone and the analysis incomplete. Why I haven't started Monday's
expo.

I want to drink today. Even then, I don't feel like drinking. I don't want the
alcohol in my body; that's not the sensation I'm looking for.

I want to go out like that Thursday. I want to wear those kind of clothes, walk
and be seen. I want to feel the nervousness of being looked at, the fear of
being exposed, the joy of them using the right way of addressing me; even the
pain of them thinking they got it right.

I want that. I knew I would, even before I started doing it. I feared I would
get addicted. I am afraid now.

Will it stop when someone actually acts rude or turns aggressive? What will
happen when someone confronts me? When a known person meets me and asks me
uncomfortable questions, or when a group of kids start laughing at me and
recording me?

Will I stop then? Will I bury these feelings, try to burn everything as I'm
wearing it, and drown the ashes in a deep pool of melancholy?

Will I want it still? Or will I want it even more?

Why do I long to have these same thoughts of pain and misery? Why can't I focus
instead on the times I've smiled, the times I couldn't even believe were
happening?

I woke up in the dark morning. I fell asleep earlier than usual and woke up at
3h. I covered myself in the sheets and turned to my sides, exiting and entering
different dreams. It was like a revolving door where inside was my own mind and
outside were reality. I was trapped in a moving circle where I'd see the
fantasy of the dream my unconscious was creating and then catch a glimpse of
the familiarity of the real world.

I'd remember things that have never happened and then others which did.

I've ran out of thoughts.

I don't want to stay in those of always. Why should I always write about the
same things? Why do I keep coming back to the usual—when it's not Monica and
how much I either hate her or miss her, is my own body or my mind; then I talk
about Catherine and her own path and the way she helps me which makes me either
laugh or cry. Everything is stuff I can't believe. I can't believe how Monica
left; I can't believe how can I still miss her; I can't believe how much I want
Catherine; I can't believe how people can see me as a woman; I can't believe
how I dared to tell my mother and Anahí; I can't believe how I haven't told
Eusebio and Jessica yet. I can't believe how much all of this hurts me and
I can't believe how happy it makes me.

It's as if I've always been in the same bubble surrounded by the same reality.
Now that it's burst, I can't believe anything could be different. I haven't
gotten used to the things that the world can offer or throw at me.

I just remembered I haven't taken my pill. My life-pill, my death-pill. The
happy-pills, the melancholy-pills.

Anahí didn't know I'm taking medication. She was surprised.

I thought yesterday about her reaction and her face. It was surprise, alright,
but there were other things in there.

Was there fear? Excitement? Disbelieve?

Why was she surprised? Maybe she couldn't believe I'd do it. Is it something
that makes it real or something that she never thought I'd do? Maybe it is
something that she should had seen before.

How would it be had I started taking hormones? I started with the change.
I started changing reality. Am I not ready?

Is she not?

Had she noticed some changes that would make her believe I started already? Has
my body changed somehow?

"I should say the next session: _you saw the girl who was next to me, yeah,
it's her_".

Would someone recognize me like that? Would anyone really relate my own image
with the word _girl_? Why do I forget all the times it's happened already?

_You look like a woman._

_Oh, you? I had seen you, but I thought you were a woman._

_Girl, could you take a picture of us?_

_Excuse me, girls, would you help me with this questionnaire about our
service?_

### Sunday, November 29th, 2015 "_Se ven solo un poco rojos; di que tienes frío
cuando entres._"

"_Disculpen, ¿tienen sus IDs?_"

We went out like we were supposed to. I stayed outside her house until
midnight. We both did. We talked and cried. I made her cry. This time it wasn't
because I said the right thing. I made her cry like I was used to.

What happened during our night out?

Before that.

My father went out with my brother to his school thing. I was in pajamas when
they left. I had already told them I was going to go out. They knew. I didn't
have to ask for permission nor explain anything. I had just finished yesterday
the most important test of my life.

My father offered to give me a ride. I said no, but gave no reason.

I didn't mind not drinking. The purpose of the night wasn't to drink. I was
going to be intoxicating with a different kind of vice. I would get drunk with
the looks of strangers.

There was just one thing I hadn't planned. How would I get out? Should I get
out with my make up done? My face painted, but my body covered with a familiar
disguise? The long sweater with painted face would be too much.

I started covering the physical mask when I looked straight into the mirror and
got scared. It was too much. They would notice.

My father hadn't arrived; my brother and my mother were in their rooms. I had
to leave before they'd get out. It was 10 minutes until my estimated time of
leaving. I got my things ready and went out. The lights were off. The first
floor was complete empty.

As I stepped out the door, my dad's black pick up started parking, blocking my
exit. I raised my hand and pointed to the car. He understood without seeing me
completely. I got in the car and left.

I had to stop a couple of blocks ahead. I didn't send a message to Catherine.
I had neither data nor credit.

Besides getting gas, I had to stop in the convenience store. I took my shirt
and undershirt off. I was in just my bra when a group of kids were walking
towards my car. It was only 18h, but it was completely dark. I put on my
sweater and head off before they reached me.

A lot of people saw me. I don't know what they really saw. Did people see
a girl, a boy dressed as one, someone or me?

Which of them am I?

I asked for credit and started dictating my phone number. My voice is
a traitor. It's a coarse and poisoned razor that scratches my throat as it
leaves my lips.

Even in silence, even before I mouth a single word, they notice me. Does the
paint on my face changes a thing? Do the clothes?

What was it that made that Carl's jr worker call us girls?

There is a doubt in people's eyes. I ignore what doubt really means. They don't
know if I'm a man or a woman. They get it wrong and correct themselves because
they're not sure. Because they are not sure, they can get convinced.

If they can get convinced, why did the lady in the sex shop looked at my
severely? Why did she try to hide her looks?

Why the fuck do I care?

Catherine forgot her wallet. She didn't have either money nor ID. How could we
drink without an ID? I hadn't really thought about that. They'd never asked for
it before in those places.

In zenzontle they didn't. There were just women working that night. One of them
offered us the samples to pick a flavor. I opened my mouth and spoke.
I couldn't see what her eyes exposed about herself. Did she know?

They don't use any pronouns. In Spanish, where every other word conveys
a gender, I couldn't get an idea of what they saw.

What does it matter? Does it make a difference if they know what I hide between
my legs even though they don't say or do anything? Why does their knowing hurt
me?

In the second bar, the woman there did ask us. Catherine told her the truth.
The two of us left before she said anything back.

What would have happened if Catherine would have had it with her? She would had
given it to her and it would later be my turn. Would she notice the name or
just look at my picture? Would she confirm what she already suspected? Would it
give her permission to say something hurtful? Would she discover something she
hadn't imagined?

Did she asked for them because of me?

We saw the movie. We sat there in the last row. We were behind what's-her-name
and her boyfriend. One of them couldn't find their tickets. Would she had
recognized me if she had turned? Would she had seen through me?

When the movie ended Catherine wondered if the girl in the last row was her
friend. She stood and looked at her and wondered. I was upset with that, but
said nothing until we were outside her house. I hurt her with what I answered
to her comment.

"Would you let your dad see me like this?", I asked her aware of the cruelty of
my question. "Would you mind if I step out and say hi?"

She forgot her id. She forgot her wipes. I made it seem like me having to enter
back in my house with a face full of make up was her fault. It's something she
feels bad about. I brought it up. It hurts me, but why?

I had the wrong idea. No, things have changed. I liked that people knew about
me. I liked that she told Carlos and Miguel and Yarely and everybody else
around her. Now, I didn't want Vania to know. I didn't want her to know I am
_her boyfriend_.

I am _Iván, the weird boy; the faggot, the crossdresser_.

That's what I am to everybody who knows me. It doesn't matter what the
strangers see. There is not a past for them to tie me to. The people who do
know me, be it that girl from high school and her boyfriend; Miguel or Eusebio
and Jessica or Yarely; my mom or her mom; to all of them I am, and always will
be, Iván.

Even if I let them see me, even if I take the mask off, all they will ever see
is the old mask behind my true face.

### Monday, November 30th, 2015 "I can have a birth certificate with my real
name that says I'm a woman."

"_¿Eres la secretaria de la doctora?_"

"_¿Puedes decirle a mi próximo paciente que salgo en un minuto?, gracias
m'ijo."

I wrote yesterday about something else.

Did I write early? Why wouldn't I mention it?

Maybe I did and I just don't remember now.

What was it that made me look up the info?

I want to start now.

I thought about looking for a group; seeing what's up. I could send an email to
that psychologist or to that doctor who coordinates the group. I could ask them
for info, a referral; anything.

First, I had to see what groups were out there. Then I remembered, there is one
group. There is a group for transgender girls, the sexologist of COCUTT talked
about it.

Yesterday I wanted a bigger picture, though. That's how I went down the
rabbit's hole.

I opened the browser in private mode and typed in the keywords of my search.
Almost all of the results were of erotic nature. Advertising, announcements,
soliciting posts looking for traps, shemales, trannys—all those terms which
I've learned to hate.

Only three of them were different on that first page. One was a chronicle of
the life of a transexual woman here in Tijuana. Another was a blog post about
the situation of the transsexuals in the border. The third one, I think, was an
interview with the leader drag prostitute from the poorest neighborhood in
Guadalajara.

It wasn't until subsequent pages where I found old news about different clinics
here in Tijuana. One of them was from two years ago. The clinic would be
inaugurated as the first LGBTI clinic in the state. Dr Cabrales would be who
would give medical attention. I, at first, wondered if I'd go with him. I knew
then that it didn't matter since the clinic doesn't exist. There is no clinic
now; it's a dead project.

Would I reach out to him anyway? Would I dare?

I read about another clinic which is close to Catherine's house. Later would
I find it's specialized in HIV and AIDS. The articles would show me how the
transgender population has one of the biggest risks about contracting HIV. It
made sense that its Trans care focused on that specifically.

I regret now reading those other articles. The United States gives political
asylum to the trans women who ask for it. The discrimination is so ingrained in
this society that even cops are one of the biggest assailants. Discriminated
from jobs, being targeted and picked up from the street where prostitutes offer
their service; being forced to undress in front of the other inmates,
humiliated, attacked; killed.

The chronicle from Guadalajara talked about how they are resigned to never get
to old age. They are less scared of death than becoming old. Dying it's
a relief to then. Who would want to live in hell?

Even the most educated were ignored in job interviews when they saw the
discordance between the name of their documents and the image they presented.

I had already thought about that. That scared me. In the United States it's
legal to change your name; people there do it all the time. Here, it's not so
easy. Your whole identity is linked to the name which is given upon you in your
first days of life.

I really didn't expect what would come next. I was scared, I was afraid and
nervous. The catastrophic future I had seen when I cried in René's couch was
coming true. I saw my future and I doubted it wouldn't be worse than death. The
impotence clenched my limbs and covered my mouth with its long and black
fingers asphyxiating me with my own screams.

What was it that I remembered?

I told Anahí my future would be brighter in the capital. There would be
a better life for me. There you can change your papers. It's hard, but there is
a way. I looked for the exception that would condemn me to hell. I searched
with the expectation to fail.

I was wrong.

It's easier than I could imagine.

I met with the idea I had. There is a trial; you come in front of a judge and
expose your case. You are judged by a doctor and a psychologist, yo go through
months of hormones and other series of requisites, jump through some hoops,
land on your feet, and, after paying tens of thousands of pesos, you can have
your corrected papers.

Except that was the old way. The new way is just 10 labour days, five hundred
pesos, and you can have a corrected birth certificate. I can have a birth
certificate saying that Sofía Fernandez was born on the 7th of january two
decades ago, and that she's a woman.

It was unbelievable. It was amazing. It made me smile and cleansed the sorrow
that burned my throat.

I thought I'd go to sleep with a smile and wake up as the happiest person on
earth.

Today, it was just another day.

## December, 2015

### Tuesday, December 1st, 2015 "It's the lack of control. I can ask Chevica to
start calling me Sofía; I can tell my mother that I am her daughter; I can tell
my father. But, I can't tell yours—be it today or tomorrow or in a few weeks or
months—I can't talk about me without exposing you."

I was going to wear something familiar. I took my brother's larger shirt to the
bathroom with me. I ended up breaking an old sweater's neck as I stretched it.
I didn't shave, but I did wear make up.

A year ago—no, at the start of the semester, I was reluctant to the idea of
wearing a bra under my clothes. Today I wore make up to all my classes;
everything but lipstick.

Why am I so reckless? How can I be so desperate of being noticed and seen?
I want my face to give me away so my mouth can stay shout guarding my voice and
my secret remain in silence.

It was Vinicio's last class. He told us about the last essay and gave us a last
speech. To work in what we can; to keep studying and not give up an opportunity
even if it's not what we want. A couple of months ago, his words would have
destroyed me. I received them with a smile. How many jobs will I lose because
of _my condition_? It's not a condition. It's not a sickness or something
I came up with; it's not the flu nor a cancer. It's who I am. I remember the
fear of being rejected because of being a man. How many jobs specifically asked
for a female applicant, how many opportunities I wasn't capable of
participating in because of my genitals.

Now it's even worse. I am not a man, I am not a woman; I am not _normal_.

Yesterday Catherine and I stayed in her car outside of my house. She had her
therapy session and talked about what she has been keeping to herself, to
ourselves. She asked me for a break, a rest. I couldn't give it to her. Even
now I can't stay immobile; I can't stop.

How can I be this hypocritical? I want her to share, to talk to her father,
I want her father to know about me knowing I can't talk to my mine.

I am no different to her mother.

_Don't you think it is time to release me from this burden?_

Zayra will give us a second class tomorrow. Suicide will be the theme of it. It
will be a familiar picture. I am a little scared of her class' workshop this
Friday, of our last day in school, our last time there.

Anahí was going to meet us before Vinicio's class.

Did someone notice me? What did they see? To whom do I change for? Who do
I want to see me and notice me?

I can't take those words out of my mind.

_Paola, I wanted to tell you something before Eusebio and Jessica so you don't
get any idea of favoritism._

_Jessica, I remembered how you told me you sometimes don't do something if
you're not asked to, even when you know it is something they need. I need
something from you. You mentioned briefly how Catherine referred to me in the
feminine way and that it was something I could get from you. I am asking you._

_Eusebio, I thinks it's the most difficult for me to open up with men. I feel
like I betray them. I don't know nor I'm close with many; I've been having
a hard time getting close to my dad and brothers. I hadn't realized it, but
I think it has something to do with the idea of betraying what I thought I was,
what I should have been. You and I, we were the only men in our group of
friends. It may sound a little absurd, but I have this feeling that I am
letting you behind with what I have to ask of you._

_Johanna, you were one of my closest friends in my time in Europe. I didn't
really open up to almost anyone. I am having something so heavy and guarded and
I want to share it with you._

_Luis, I have a really good time with you. I like you very much, I love you.
I am sorry for not being the big brother you should have had._

_Dad, I am not a man. I am not your son. Dad, I am trans._

### Wednesday, December 2nd, 2015 "Thank you, 8th-or-9th-semester guys, you
helped us gain that 100."

She walked towards the bathroom and, in my memory, I'm grasping her hand
letting her guide my steps. She invited me in—how many times did we talk
already of doing this? In our imagination we would enter nonchalantly and focus
only on ourselves.

This time it was different. We were both inside, but we were nervous—at least
I was. What if somebody saw me? What if a girl were to enter? What if, instead
of a student, it were a teacher?

We opened the doors and each entered a stall. The last one was dirty; a thin
ribbon of dried blood marked the white marble.

It felt weird, despite not being the first time I've entered a women's
bathroom.

I am six years old—no, I am five, maybe even four. I am a little boy visiting
his mother's kindergarden. There are no kids beside me. The school is almost
empty. Is it afternoon or a non-school day?

I have to go to the bathroom. There is nobody except the two of us and workers.
The janitor, a close friend of my mom, is there too. He is working, cleaning
something or doing some manual work. All of the classrooms are closed. The
bathrooms are not open either. Where can I go?

The girls' restroom is open. A little girl dressed in a coloured dress is
painted on the door. My mother tells me to just walk in.

I don't want to. I can't keep it in for much longer. I start to cry.

Why can't I go in? What is it that I fear?

My mother told me to; there is no other option. There is nobody who'd see me or
tell me anything.

What am I so afraid that anybody will think? My mother called the janitor. He
came to us and tried to convince me to come in. Nothing will happen, he assures
me. He goes inside to show me. He is a boy and he went in. Do I see now? He's
still a man; nothing has changed. I understand that, I am not an idiot. I know
I won't lose my penis. I know I will remain being a boy. That's why I can't
enter; I am not allowed. I am a boy. That's what brought me to tears.

No, that's the reason I cry now, not then. Back then I was a boy, now I am not.

Sometimes I get really scared by the idea that I'm brainwashing myself.

I have to write an essay for Vinicio's class this semester. Last night he sent
us the files from which we can pick the one we want. I saw several interesting.
A couple of them were about sexuality. The first one I opened was a study done
in Mexico City. It explored the difference in emotional reaction to certain
stimuli between heterosexual people and transsexual ones.

I read it complete before falling asleep. I was angry. There was a quote from
a ten year old paper using an old and disputed categorization. Either you were
a kid who always knew and grew with uncontrollable dysphoria and a heterosexual
desire or you realized after the 35 years of old age, had a variant sexual
orientation and would later repent your decision to transition.

I fit in neither. To these people I was nonexistent. Again, I felt invisible.

But I was sad before that.

"Sometimes I say _he_ or _Iván_; I don't do it on purpose. I feel bad, it's not
my intention to make her feel bad." Anahí confessed to Catherine on their way
home.

"I don't understand how you expect someone to ask you to call them differently.
When she presented herself to me as transgender, I understood. _Oh, ok, then
she is a girl,_ I'd call her the way she identifies.

"How can they don't know? They are psychology majors. They are her so-called
_friends_."

Tomorrow is my second to last day of classes in the University. I don't know
how I feel about it. I won't even go to campus.

I remember the last day of classes in high school. Monica was my girlfriend.
No, that's not true. We were not a couple yet. We had kissed before. We would
wait until classes ended, on our way out of school, and kiss in the lips before
going our different ways. I didn't feel anything that day. People were in the
halls, some were in the plaza. There was music I think? I don't remember having
any classes that day. Everyone was sad and emotional. I felt nothing. I was not
sad or morose, not then. I was just uninterested.

Will the day after tomorrow feel like that?

Tomorrow is my first session as Sofía. Will it be any different? Maybe that's
how I'll start. Maybe the whole theme of this new stage of my life will be
about changes.

### Thursday, December 3rd, 2015 "Bienvenidas."

"Yeah, the phone just shows me the number and I didn't recognize the voice.
I actually thought it was a girl."

René was standing behind the door with his hands crossed in front of him.
Catherine thought he was waiting for me. I almost rang the doorbell. Catherine
stopped me and I hesitated in the time the door opened. He was waiting for
a girl in the bathroom to close the door. I didn't understand his words and
stopped mid-step as he started speaking. He told me I could go inside his
office. Catherine offered to close the door for him. We started. How did
I start?

In the faculty I had to go to the bathroom. We were outside the Gessel chamber
waiting for the professor. I remembered there was a bathroom inside the
modules. Again, I worried. Where should I go, men's or women's? I am a men; to
every known person that's what I am, how I look. To strangers I would like to
think they sometimes see me as a woman, but do they really?

I woke up early in the morning. This is the last time I'll wake for an early
class. There are no more trips to the child's hospital. Today was the last
_sir_ and _champ_ from the guard. Tomorrow is the last day of classes. I say it
over and over and yet the idea doesn't seem to really sink in.

I am crying and feel desperate. I am like a little child again in my pajamas
with my face all wet in the darkness after waking up my parents in their room.
They are confused and irritated. What happened? This time there is more
confusion than anything else. I am not a kid anymore. What am I doing?

"I can't take it anymore. Dad, I am not your son; I am not Iván. I am sorry,
I am so sorry. I can't; please, forgive me." I can't keep the tears in. I vomit
incomprehensible words and shake uncontrollably. "I am trans, I am sorry."

Why am I imagining this?

I wore a pair of leggings without back up jeans. I picked a white shirt and the
long red sweater like the first time I wore feminine clothes outside of my
house. Then I would never imagine wearing them inside the faculty. I didn't
know I'd be in the university. I'd see our patient and then go to my own
therapy. The class would be the last thing of our day.

There was another patient who didn't come. I lost the count of the number of
patients that have abandoned me. Do I even care anymore?

My car's transmission got stuck in the first shift. It was failing all the way
to René's office. I had called him to tell I'd be a little late. There was no
parking outside of the school where I usually park. Catherine walked with me.
I talked about these last two weeks. I cried talking about my father. René
thinks I am trying to protect him. I want to solely suffer this pain rather
than share it with him.

The class would be in the faculty. We returned there and waited in the middle
of the buildings. We stood there in each others' arms. She was in a step that
made her a couple of inches taller than me. I could rest my head in her chest
and raise my arms to entangle behind her neck. Victor didn't recognize us. He
saw us; he saw me, but had to hear her before he could realize who we were.

After returning from the restroom the girls from the class saw me. They didn't
say anything. What could they?

"The class will be in the room 202 of the 1A building," one classmate said.

We went there. We were playing on Catherine's tablet when another one told us
the teacher had asked us to bring the television from the other room.

"She asked the men to bring it... you, * was just outside, the two of you could
go."

I don't like being noticed like this. I'm a man. I'm strong, stronger than
them. I didn't ask for it. I don't want it.

Catherine talked in my defense. "It's big and heavy. They'd have to go down and
then up again; and that's just one way."

I ended up not going.

After class, we walked to a japanese restaurant. We ate pizza. I took a picture
of her and shared it. The waiter used femenine pronouns for us twice. After
I spoke he avoided them. Did my voice betray me again?

Is that the reason why I started singing these last few days? Is that why
I keep mocking Catherine, to see if I can fake her voice?

I never heard myself as I did in the way home. I fooled René without trying.

Why am I so ashamed of trying?

### Friday, December 4th, 2015 There are four doors in front of me.

The first one is made of cold and gray steel with a black long handle. Beyond
it lies all the images and memories of the fears I had in the four years of my
time in university.

The second door is a big and mighty old wooden door. Black metal lashes cover
it. It's old and worn yet it stands strong. It covers all the sad and painful
experiences that coloured my time in school.

The third door is a sliding glass door. It's long and shiny, despite it being
made of glass it's not transparent. It stands between me and all the anger and
fury, the desperation and frustration that wore me down.

The last and final door is the simplest. It's a sliding door, too, but it's not
big nor cold nor mighty. It's a japanese sliding door, there is a piece of
cloth held in a wooden frame; a black ink tree is painted on the white fabric.
Behind it I will find the happy memories given by the moments filled with
friendship and love.

I haven't done any of the things I should have. Yesterday I fell asleep and
woke up at the precise time to be ready for Catherine's arrival.

I showered and shaved my legs. Today I would not shave my face, but I did use
the electric razor. The dress was ready in my closet. My legs' skin was going
to be bare, ready to be grazed by her fingers. I put my pajamas back on after
exiting the water-vapor-filled shower space. My knee from yesterday's fall
still hurt. I skipped that area with the razor yet it still burned. Its sting
woke me up several times in the night.

_Bienvenidas_, the waiter had said to us. He said it two times before I spoke.
We were exiting the japanese restaurant when I tried to playfully kick her
raising my leg behind me. My foot got stuck on its way back in one of the loose
straps of her backpack. I stumbled and fell pulling her down with me. My knee
hit the floor and scratched the concrete breaking my own fall. My foot pulled
her down and brought her down with me. There was a man working in the garden
behind us. I didn't want him to notice and turn. He did. There was another man
with a smile missing a couple of teeth laughing at us. I felt ashamed and in
pain and guilty. We still laughed. I didn't care about my bruised knee.

I wore the red tights I bought with Catherine to wear to the movies. Over them
I put the gray dress I bought with her. I put on make up and waited for her to
arrive. I wanted to surprise her. I took a couple of pictures, but hesitated to
send them. I did. She did not see them until later in the day.

We had sex. We touched each other over our clothes. Then we took them off and
touched each other some more. I played with her skin, her lips, the water from
between her legs. I pushed my fingers inside her and made her lose her breath.
She undressed me and teased me. She likes making me beg her to take me.

We had the last three classes of this semester, of university, of our careers.
Since I was a little boy, I knew I'd go to elementary school, the I'd graduate
and go to middle school. After that, almost being an adult, I'd go to high
school; that place where I could get a job and have a girlfriend and maybe even
have sex. I wouldn't have to wear a uniform anymore, maybe I could even drive
to school. Afterwards, I'd finally go to college. I'd study something useful,
be a professional, have a degree. Finally, after that, my life would start. I'd
be an adult; I'd be a grown man.

The classes have ended. Catherine passed to help Katia and talked about herself
without any intention. She talked about her dad and cried. Katia would cry,
too, and open herself to us.

I waited a whole semester for this day. I cried like I haven't in a while.
Zayra stood behind me and grasped my shoulder. I took a picture with her.
Catherine took it. She hugged me and I hugged her back and smiled. Four
semesters I was her student.

Catherine and I drank, we took a lot of pictures. We spent four years together.
I finished elementary school, I went trough middle school when I started to
walk alone, when I discovered what sadness feels like, when I'd be home alone
and deal with the temptation of sneaking to my parents closet and dress myself
in forbidden clothes, tempting myself with a cursed fantasy. I graduated lonely
before I met what I thought were friends in high school. I went through real
sadness and inner death. I met Monica and had my first kiss. I had my car and
learned how to drive it, how to be alone and independent. I graduated and
kissed Monica while the fireworks illuminated the dark blue sky. I entered
university. I started without knowing anybody. Monica went to see me on the end
of my first day of classes. I'd meet real friend. I'd feel real loneliness. I'd
go to the sierra and camp under star-filled night. I lost Monica and I lost
myself. I made my dream come true. I was trully alone in a whole different
country where no one knew my full name. I discovered myself with my best
friend, we went from being friends, to lovers, to strangers, and then all the
way back. I finished all of my classes. I finished all of school. I am an adult
now, but I'm not a grown man.

I have grown, but I'm not a man.

And finally, I am ok with that.

### Saturday, December 5th, 2015 I am in Mexicali, at my uncle and aunt's
house. I read the journal article for the essay for Vinicio. I brought my
laptop with me. I read the one I had downloaded before for Zayra. It's a case
study of dealing with grief with the Solution Centered Brief Therapy. I had
picked the other one I read when he sent us the different articles. The first
and only one I opened was a neuropsychological study about the difference in
dealing with emotions between heterosexual people compared with a transsexual
sample.

It was a simple and not very representative study. It was poor. I could do
something better. I wanted to do something better. I could criticize it easily
in five pages.

I am part of that sample. Maybe that's the reason why I hesitated to pick it;
maybe that's why I chose the other one, even though it was longer. I don't want
to write about something so personal. Perhaps I couldn't work on something that
personal.

Yesterday, midnight caught up with me. It interrupted me and blocked my
writing. I continued it on the first minutes of the day.

I shared that part with Catherine.

"It feels weird: _friend to lover to stranger_, I'd never put words to that
feeling. I told her how I still feel really guilty about what happened.

"You did the best you could, Sofi."

I dreamed something today, but I can't remember. I recall buying food. There
was a school and people speaking English. I was with Catherine; I accompanied
her and waited for her in the car. Later, when she returned, we were in
a school. Why wasn't she Catherine anymore? I was following somebody else.
Monica appeared and I looked for her.

Why does she keep appearing? Why can't I let her go?

Just a couple of assignments and a test and I'm done. I payed for everything
already. I just have to ask my father for the money to buy the last missing
ticket to disneyland.

Yesterday I drank with Catherine. Two thirds of a liter and a third of one of
beer. It hit me worse than other times. I was dizzy; I felt relaxed,
unhinibited, and sensitive. I could have sent the message to Paola.

Why do I want to tell her first? Why do I want to tell them now? I won't see
them much in the near future.

Why do I want to share it? Is it compensation for not daring to open up to my
dad?

I have him in this room. We are almost all of us here in my uncle's TV room.
It's a habit in my family to have the TV on and no one to be watching it.

I sometimes feel like the TV in my own family.

He is the furthest one away from me. My mother, next to me, is the one closest
to me in every way. She knows, but to what extent?

"Has she said something else since then?" René asked me once.

No, nothing. Did she get it? Were her multiple _son_ a direct consequence of
what I said?

Has she said anything to my dad? He didn't react in any way when Luis told him
my shoes were woman's.

### Sunday, December 6th, 2015 "His mother died. He lives with his older
brother who has a problem with his sexuality. He let his hair grew and is now
called _Betty_ in his house."

"Oh..."

"Yeah, and some other things that _perverse_."

I was sitting by her side. I was lying in that couch with everyone else in the
room. They were chatting about something so unimportant that I wasn't
listening.

Why did I give any attention to what she said next? I was just next to her. She
was giving me her back when she stabbed mine.

I cried my eyes out the day before. I was sensitive with my soul peeled and
vulnerable. It should have killed me. I was supposed to be devastated. I didn't
feel anything. I was numb. Anger and sadness made an appearance in my mind, but
I didn't feel either of them.

I thought a thousand things, but felt nothing.

A whole day has passed and I still don't know what is it that I'm feeling.

I had just finished yesterday's words. I had my laptop closed over my lap when
I broke.

It's the first time I brought my laptop with me and actually used it.
I finished the words in their house. I finished the first part of the
introduction on the way there and the second on our way back. I finished all of
the writing of that chapter this morning. I gave my essay to my mother to read.
She complimented it. Why would I do something like that? Why do I keep showing
myself?

How can I think about showing me to my dad after hearing those comments from
the only person in my family who knows?

René asked me if going to Spain was some kind of escape. No, I denied it
without any assumption. He just nodded his head as if I had read his thoughts.
He told me now how I should look for options, things I can do, goals I can
reach. The United States is an option; he gave me Canada as another one. Mexico
city is the nearest and most feasible of them all. That is not an escape,
I want to come back, I want them to know me.

Why does the word exile keeps coming to my head?

We went to a chinese restaurant with my grandmother. I remember Catherine's
words about taking the cellphone out on the table. Luis was in his and his ears
were covered with his earphones. My ipod was still in my pocket with my earbuds
hanging from my jeans. I wasn't hiding behind nothing and yet I wasn't there.
I was a shadow; a mindless, void body. My grandma kept making comments and
I had to resurface to hear them and answer her.

The house of my uncles will be no more. They're selling it. They're making it
better with the intention of raising its price and sell it. What memories do
I have there? Christmases; most of them had been there. The others were in my
grandmother's. Most of my memories surround Christmas. The sensation of wanting
the time to run faster. The wish for midnight to fall and open the presents. It
was always about the presents. Seeing what's the next new thing. What new
material want could fulfill my need of what I didn't had. The search of a new
thing that could bring me happiness.

My mother made the observation; I didn't enjoy any of those.

I have those memories and I recall them fondly. The christmas tree, the lights,
the rush. In Spain I missed that TV and that couch. Now it's that same couch
that brings me back-pain.

Will I miss that house, the pool, or maybe the billiards table? Are those
material things different from all the other ones?

When, at what age, did I finally come to the conclusion that I couldn't find in
those presents what I needed?

What do I need?

I want to feel freedom, I want to be happy. I want to open up and be seen.
I want to be able to change my body. I want my body; I want my face. I want
everyone to see me how I am.

What do I need to get that? A doctor? Laser hair removal? Hormones? A new birth
certificate? A scholarship for the master? A job?

A future?

I want a future and at the same time I want the present to freeze and let me
breathe.

### Monday, December 7th, 2015 Today I'll cheat. Tomorrow, too, probably.
I haven't finished.

### Tuesday, December 8th, 2015 I cheated again. I had to. I really did.

"I was upset because you told me you'd stop going to therapy. You'd get a job.
Thatt's the first step for you to leave. I'll be alone."

Now I am finished. This was my last exam. My last time going to the school as
a student.

Tomorrow I'll turn in the last paper and I'll be done. It won't be in the
school. It'll be the last time I'll go to the hospital. The last time I'll
enter and be greeted by the guard. Why did it crossed my mind just now to paint
my face, color my eyes and lips, see if that's enough for him to notice.

Why would I want to do that?

Yesterday I finished and sent the last paper of Thanatology. I had to write
a last thought. A message of a final learning of the class. I used it to talk
about death and the beauty of life. I finished and I had still much more to
say.

Zayra took a picture with me. She said good bye; she told us how it was
a pleasure to have worked with us. It was for me; it really was. I think she
ended up being my favourite teacher and I wanted to tell her. So I made
a second last message. There, inside my paper I wrote a thank you note. I wrote
her how she taught me about history in my first semester. She taught the class
that would end up being my focus, she guided me and trained me in the art of
psychotherapy. She helped me when my patient abandoned me. And now, this
semester, she taught me a class about death and closure. It was so fitting that
it couldn't be left unsaid.

I thanked her for seeing me, for noting me. I thanked her for having helped me
with my tears, for the pat on the shoulder when I broke down again in the last
workshop. I was thankful and emotional. I sent her the last homework and a hug,
too.

"Your work is received, and so is your hug. I send one back".

All of yesterday was doing homework. Saturday I went to Mexicali and started
with the chapter I had left undone for most of the semester. Sunday I came back
and wrote and elaborated what I felt with my mother's words. I saw the picture
online of Eusebio and Jessica with Paolas. I felt betrayed and lonely. I am
ending up alone again. It's a thought that's been sneaking up to me.

I did the statistical analysis, I wrote the results and discussion. I made
almost all of the work. It was a lot, but I didn't mind.

Today I had the test of reasearch methods. It wasn't as easy as it should be;
it wasn't hard either. It was badly made. I knew the correct answer, but didn't
knew what they wanted me to give. I was frustrated and annoyed. It was supposed
to be our last test, our last final exam. It wasn't, it ended up being
something else. The experience was different.

I put on the pants she gave me and the hoodie we bought of our generation. Like
the pictures in that exam, we used them and received compliments. People didn't
know the meaning behind them, they saw the image and the letters but it was
void of significance to them. It was like the name in the back of mine that
I had forgotten was there.

I cried, I cried hard letting a lot of emotion out. I am frustrated and scared.
I don't know what will happen with me. Will I work, will I apply for a master?
How can I fight for what I am if I have to convince people I am real?

What if I fail? What if I can't go to the master? What if I can't go to Mexico
City? What if I can't be me?

I am scared of applying for a job. I am scared of being denied. I am scared of
being conditioned to cut my hair and having to be Iván in order to do a job
I'll despise and gain a misery of a salary. I am scared of living the rest of
my life that way.

I am scared of ending my life.

Where did that come from?

Was it really a joke when I sang to her? Why did my eyes watered as I finished?

"I don't want to die..."

I don't. I am scared, I need help again. I already have it.

I did take my life pills. I didn't forget. I can start taking two again. I can
tell my father to give me more money to buy them.

I can tell him the reason I take them, instead.

### Wednesday, December 9th, 2015 I wrote yesterday. I wrote, didn't I?

Did I talk about how we went outside the main building and I cried and hugged
her and cried like how I was never used to. I went to sleep—no, I lied in bed
waiting for her to finish our last paper. Finishing the plan of activities, the
material, the instructions. She designed them and made them. I helped with
ideas and wrote the first texts, but she did everything else. I, instead, was
lying on the bed searching about Mexico's city's apartments. The colonies, the
rent process. How could I look? How could I pay? I found about one of the
procedures, the _aval_; getting a person who trusts me their house scriptures
as a backup payment. Where would I get something like that? Whom could I ask?
I have no family there nor friends.

I felt that familiar dreary sense. Misery, my old companion; how did I miss
you. I almost forgot the warmth of your surrounding. It burned me and
asphyxiated me. I cried again. Hopelessness, failure, loss. I felt it all over
again. I'll fail; I'll never make it.

_It's better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all._

Bullshit.

_Nessun maggior dolore. Che ricordarsi del tempo felice. Nella miseria._

The pain is way worse after knowing the pleasant bliss of happiness.

Luis asked me again what are the symptoms of depression. I answered this time.

"Why do you ask?"

"Just 'cuz. Which of those do you have?"

Could I open up to him? Why am I so scared? What is it that I specifically
fear?

Why haven't I looked for a time to talk with my dad?

None of them saw me with the leggings. Again it was just my mother. She was
working and caressed me with her notice. I waltzed into my room and closed the
door. Just as I put them on I took them off, one by one, converting myself to
my usual costume. I haven't taken my make up off. Nobody notices. There is no
difference. I went to the hospital like this the last time. I wanted to be
different; I wanted the guard to hesitate, to say something, see something. He
wasn't there, there was another one. I stood with Catherine waiting for the
teacher.

Both of us drank a cup of water. Children came to ask me where were the
papercups. I answered and smiled. They saw me. No, they just looked at me. What
did they see?

The parents sometimes sent their eyes my way. Was it doubt in their sights or
was it repulsion?

The teacher stepped out of her consultation room and received our paper. We
went to the burger joint we used to frequent. I drank; half a liter of beer.
They didn't have iced tea nor dark beer. I ordered the usual burger and she had
a chicken sandwich. When we enter, the waiter received us with the usual
_bienvenidos_. Was it pain or disillusionment? Did the second one hurt more or
less?

Maybe I'll miss those masculine terms when the time comes that I receive hate
instead.

She drove us to the beach after that. Argana coffee shop. A hookah and two chai
frappes. I was upset because she told me she'd go to the bathroom, but didn't
leave. Why did I want her to go? I'd miss her; I'd be alone. What was the
difference between her leaving then or a couple of minutes after?

We took pictures. We took some the last day of classes, then yesterday one the
last exam, and now, today, the day we gave our last homework.

It'll not be until March that we'll be officially graduates. Do I want it? It
never excited me to be a psychologist. Why would I care now?

The only thing that I want to be is me.

I thought about writing _Iván_.

What if I can't change my name in the birth certificate? What if they only let
me change it to its feminine counterpart. What if I'm constrained to be
a feminine version of the person I used to be. A depressed and miserable woman.
_Ivána_. _Josephine Ivonne_. I'd never really liked José.

I keep thinking about asking Cabrales about his work in the trans clinic. Did
it ever open? What happened to it?

Could he attend someone like that?

Could he attend me?

I haven't asked René.

Of what am I so scared about asking him? Is it his potential denial? Am
I scared that I won't keep going with him if he can't help me?

What if nobody can?

### Thursday, December 10th, 2015 "I realized then I wanted to evaluate; apply
and grade psychometric tests. I wanted to diagnose and see what was the
problem. Fixing it would be someone else's job. I wanted to know what was wrong
with me. Now that I know, I want to help people because I need help myself."

"You could make the clinic yourself."

"I could be the expert."

I sang to Catherine. She sang to me today. Miguel was already in the house. He
was asleep, but I hesitated to play the audio in my phone. I told her he was
around and she answered that then it should wait. I was lying in my bed when
I played it.

"You are asleep and I can feel you breathing," the song from Hombres G,
"whenever I sing it, I think about you."

I decided to sang to her, too. I looked for the lyrics of that spanish song and
whispered it to my phone. I memorized the first verses.

I couldn't wake up this morning. I was so tired; I still am. I showered and got
ready. I had more time than I thought. I didn't shave nor put on make up. I had
to put gas in the car and then drove to the usual plaza to park. I paid the
5 pesos instead of the 24 I did the first sessions. Now I walk a kilometer
maybe, going there and back. I use the time to focus, to think and let myself
feel. I like my sessions now. I like crying with him. I like talking and taking
my shell off, my disguise, saying my name a loud without worrying about people
listening or being judged. I like feeling vulnerable and knowing nothing will
happen.

I like being seen and listened to.

I don't think about wearing the clothes anymore. I remember months back when
going with the bra was something to be nervous about. _What if somebody
notices?,_ _what if he felt it?_ or _what if she hugs me?_ Now it's weird not
having it on. It's mine, they're mine. They don't turn me on. They don't make
me feel sexy nor girly. Why do I wear them? I don't need them.

This week we will go to the United States and buy clothes for the wedding.
I knew that. My father asked me if I had a suit already. I do; I have the
clothes. I've worn them twice. They're almost new. I don't want to buy another
one. I don't need new clothes. No, I do. I need new clothes, but not bought by
them. I want new clothes, but not like the ones I already own. I want them, but
I don't want to be mocked when I choose them. I don't want to be seen weirdly
when I pay for them or being judged when I try them on.

I liked when the old man at the family reunion said he thought I was a woman.
I liked that it happened and that I knew. It won't happen if I wear a suit.
I'll be seen as a man, the man I should be.

"I'm all finished", I said when I started the session.

Except I'm not. I still have to do the paperwork. I have to get the title.
_Psychologist_, it feels wrong. They don't give a title of sickness.

Tomorrow I'll take Miguel to school and then drive to Catherine's house. We'll
play monopoly or watch something. I want to lie with her on the couch and have
her arms around me. Tomorrow it will rain. I didn't remember, but she has our
hookah. She has the coffee liquor. I can ask her if there's still some.

René went to France; he knew people like me. He talked about them. That's
something he didn't use to do. Three of them. The first of them was a model.
They changed. They finished psychology and changed. At first I thought how
I didn't want to do that. I just did. In a couple of months I'll have the
papers.

I can sent Cabrales a message; ask him about him seeing trans people.

I could have asked René if he could help me. Why haven't I?

_I want hormones. Could you help me? You are a doctor, could you assesorate me?
Do I need a endocrinologist, a gynecologist? Should I tell my family doctor? Do
you know of somebody who could help me? I don't want to wait until I'm all
alone to start_

### Friday, December 11th, 2015 40 days since Halloween. If back then it had
been 56 days, today, 96 days have passed since Eusebio and Jessica's
graduation. Almost 100 days of being medicated.

I didn't took a pill today. Do I feel any different? Why am I curious about
that sadness? Is it the same curiousity I feel about telling my parents? Why am
I tempted by misery?

I keep flirting with my past. I don't want it.

Yesterday I finished updating my resume. It looks presentable; complete. I saw
the one of Juan Carlos Perez. He reviewed Ahmed's PhD thesis. I saw his full
curriculum. He studied the first couple of semesters in a technological school.
He was going to be an architect. When he finished school he had a lower grade
than me and he felt proud enough to include that information. He put his
Exhcoba results, too. Will I? Will it help me?

Yesterday I felt OK with mine. I was satisfied with it. It seemed complete. It
was attractive. I could do something with it. People could want me.

People should want me.

That doesn't mean they will.

I did nothing today. I woke up later than I should have. I was supposed to go
to Catherine's house. I didn't know what to wear. I wanted to wear something
feminine. Why, if it's not enough?

"I feel pretty with you." I told her.

"You are."

"That's not true. I still look like a man."

"Not always."

I saw that video of the trans woman Catherine has seen. Catherine's subscribed
to her channel. She did her research. She has looked for information. She now
knows about transition. She wants to know.

Monica never did.

Why do I keep comparing them?

Why do I still sometimes feel this urge to assure myself I do love her?
Catherine's better for me than Monica. I am better now with her than I've
always been. I stopped talking to Monica and then I talked to her again;
I deleted my facebook, I stopped seeing her anywhere. I looked her up and then
I left her be. Why is she still in my mind? I hate her because she left me;
I hate her more because her phantom is still here.

Victoria Volkova. That's the youtuber. She moved to the capital to start her
transition. I saw her video with one of the other vloggers I have seen before.
He seemed a little uncomfortable. The cameraman, too. It was almost
unnoticeable. Almost.

The other video I saw was just her. She talked about the kinds of men she has
been approached by.

The third, and final one, was more intimate. It was just her; it had no jokes.
It had a cathartic feeling to it. It was an explosion of emotions. She made
that video more for herself than for any viewer it might have.

She hated herself. She was happier when she started transitioning. Everything
was better. She started doubting—not about herself or her decision; she started
not being satisfied. Her hands, her shoulders, her voice; she was not woman
enough. Her eyes started watering when she touched the subject.

"I was supposed to be happier, and then I hated myself again," the tears rolled
down her cheeks.

What was the moment when I cried?

I should have talked about her with René. I should have mentioned a lot of
things I did not.

Luis surprised me when he entered my room. He felt sick. He had said it
yesterday that he was nauseous. My plans were ruined. I couldn't leave the
house now that he was there. It didn't matter. I could see Catherine any other
day. I could sleep some more. I did. Miguel made him some breakfast and got
ready to leave.

I drove him to Costco to pick the pictures. There was a lot of traffic and my
car was stubborn. I was irritated. There was something in my mind, but I can't
remember what. Costco was full of people. The cars were giving rounds looking
for empty spots. There were not any. He stepped down and I tried to remain
close to the exit. I stopped behind some cars. There were nobody near them. If
some of them would exit I could move.

The guard saw me several times, but did not say nor do anything. Until he did.
I moved all the way back and waited. Miguel texted me to tell me there would be
a delay. He was the one who'd be late to class, not me. I had no reason to
care.

Nevermind, he had them. I picked him up and drove him to school. The rain was
there but at the same time wasn't. It was a peculiar illusion, being cold and
hot at the same time. Seeing the sky gray and the next moment having the
scorching sun on my face. Like a badly remembered dream.

I was just back in the house when he texted me if I could pick him up. Sure,
why not. Why can't I say no? Why would I, though? I had nothing better to do.
I am scared of the emptiness of my time and yet I wanted to be left alone on my
bed.

Another hour before I left the house and got back.

What did I eat today? I can't remember. Miguel prepared breakfast. I took the
last croissant. A glass of lemon juice; two or three. There is one right in
front me. What else? Yesterday was when I took two pieces of chocolate. The hot
dog was yesterday, too... I made sausages, chorizo, tomatoes; two
burritos—four; two for Luis and two for me. I made him food.

I am his big brother. Except I am not anymore. We are _siblings_. He is my
brother. I am the phantom of his brother. I will be a secret, a spot in his
family.

I don't know what I will be.

### Saturday, December 12th, 2015 I dreamed something different. Was there
a shower here, too? I can't remember it. I know I went with Jessica—my Jessica,
the one from my childhood. I haven't thought how she would react to this. Would
she be one of the people who wouldn't recognize me?

She knows someone like me, Andrés. How has he dealt with this? Maybe he doesn't
even have this. I am almost 23 years old. He recently or shortly will be 23,
too. I can't imagine waiting anymore. I can't put myself in his place. With his
short hair and boyish outlook. Was he in my dream, too? He knew even before
I did. He fits the narrative so much perfectly than I; playing with girls'
toys, having mostly feminine friends, something about his manners and behavior.
I keep using male pronouns. Would he mind? It's been only around 3 years since
I know and they burn me. The looks sicken me; all of the sirs and young mans.
I can't describe the joy I feel when someone has a mistake. Has he experienced
it? I want to show him, tell him.

In my dream we needed to do something for something else. Was it a party? Was
the thing a dance? We were going to a dojo; the same one I went as a child.
I had maybe half the age Luis has right now. Edgar wasn't my uncle, but my big
brother. I had a big brother. I wasn't an only child; I grew with him. Having
two male role models wasn't enough. I can't blame my uprising.

In my dream, I didn't want to be there. I wanted something else. Why didn't
I just said no? What kept me there? Night came and went. The person in charge
of the place told us he could give us lessons in the weekend when the adults
took them. Norma, Jessica's mother, explained to him that wasn't what we were
looking for. He told us his hands were tied; there was nothing he could do. We
left and I was relieved.

When I looked at the time, I remembered these words. The streak wasn't 41. It
was longer. I remembered that by the 26th I'd beat the last one. It was closer
than that. Was it 50? Does that mean it was just a week before Christmas? Maybe
that was the other thing.

I woke up early. Then a second time when my father came to my room to ask me if
I'd go. I did.

We went to the other side of the border. Since yesterday I wanted a burger, but
thought about skipping the fries. Perhaps a side salad instead. I thought about
it; I liked the idea. Do I feel fat again? Am I uncomfortable with my body?

Yesterday I forgot my pill and stood with the abstinence side effects. I had
tremblings in my leg and felt the beginnings of the darkness.

We went to the US and bought food and then clothes. Everybody would buy
something. All of us needed something. My mother needed a dress, my father
a shirt. Luis, as well. Neither I nor Miguel needed one. He did buy something
and so did I, but both of us for different reasons. I didn't want to, but I had
to. His wasn't a need, but a want.

It hurt. Sometimes, walking in the store I'd wander and look at the clothes.
I'd like something, be tempted by it.

I didn't feel it in any of the stores we went to.

I did buy a shirt. I actually tried two of them. It was weird looking at myself
in the mirror.

In the other store, I wasn't interested in anything on that floor. When my
mother got lost, I offered myself to look for her. Luis wanted to come with me
so I didn't wander around looking at the clothes. No, that wasn't the reason.
When we were at Ross, I was with my mom when she picked her dress. There were
complete rows of nothing but women's clothes. In the other stores, too. There
were in all the stores I was in. Every single one of them. Why didn't I look?
Was I scared of someone suspecting something?

I wore the rainbow bracelet again. Nobody has made a comment.

I put the red strap in my watch, it looks more feminine than I thought. We went
to _Las Alitas_. I ate with my family. I drank. I feel the effect of the
alcohol. I want to talk, to tell them.

I saw a job offering from a university asking for a psychology major. I didn't
send my cv. A thousands reasons came to mind not to. I thought about my age,
the experience, the time... Which one was the real one? Am I afraid of being
denied? Am I scared that they'll actually call me? Do I fear that they'll hire
me and ask me to cut my hair?

What is it? What the fuck is it?

### Sunday, December 13th, 2015 From all the schools I've attended, I keep
dreaming about elementary school. What is it that makes that building special?
I was there for 5 years.

The sun was dangerous. The heat was intense. I remember being in a cafeteria.
We were going to meet. Eusebio, Jessica; Paola? Catherine, obviously. Why
weren't they there?

I was alone. I was waiting.

Suddenly, there was just Jessica.

"And the rest?" I asked her.

She couldn't give me an answer. She was with somebody else. I kept waiting.
I can't remember what happened next.

I was walking in the school. I didn't belong there. There were familiar faces,
but not really. The sun was hot, but not alarmingly so. Nobody seemed to
notice. I tried asking to be let in, but they refused It wasn't that I didn't
belong in the building; I didn't belong in their time. It was the future.

I tried asking the teacher to be let in. She hesitated. I begged.

"Look, let me show you something," I pleaded.

I grabbed a spoon and placed it outside the shadow that guarded me. It was
shrinking with each passing moment.

"Wait, please. In a moment, after you see what I want to show you, you can let
me out if you want, but just wait a little."

A cloud birthed a shadow on the hall. I reached out to grab the disintegrating
piece of metal.

"Do you see now?"

I ran through the rest of the hall and met some other familiar faces. They were
wearing glasses. Even in the alarming state I was in I thought they looked
pathetic. I swallowed my laughter and got inside.

There was a little girl crying. Someone had cut her hair. I hugged her. I felt
as if I knew her.

The same girl was then older and sitting in a chair in the back of the room.
I went to her and she recognized me—No, I didn't went to her, I went to myself.

I was sitting with all them except I wasn't. I was dead. That version of me was
dead.

Was it a part of my body? Was it a corpse? A kind of memory? What was it?

I asked for an explanation. It was the future. We died together. Catherine and
I were a couple. There were problems with money. Apparently she payed for us.
We drowned in a frozen lake or something.

How did I get there?

How did it feel knowing there was a time when I didn't exist anymore?

I dreamed more things, but don't remember any.

I stayed in bed for a while.

I got up, had some breakfast, and came back.

I should have sent the mail. I should be looking for a job. I am scared.

I didn't sent the curriculum. I didn't talk with my mom nor my dad; I didn't
ask Cabrales nor René.

I haven't done anything. There is less than a month left before I turn 23.
I haven't worked a single day of my life.

I did. I got a paycheck once.

I feel again that I'm wasting time. It keeps running and running, escaping from
me.

I should take two pills. One isn't enough.

I should breathe.

I told myself I wouldn't look for a job until January. Then I would know what
to do. Then I'd have all the time in the world.

What will happen with René or Cabrales?

I can reach out to Cabrales any time I want. I don't know if I'll get an answer
or what exactly is it what I want to ask them.

With René, I am scared he can't do anything for me.

I feel lonelier than ever. I need a distraction, a job. I could work for free
somewhere and gain some experience. I could volunteer. But where? Doing what?

I could write.

Who would want to read me? Who would pay me to hear what I have to say?

In less than two weeks, it will be Christmas. Three weeks before the New Year.
2015 is going to end soon.

What year will I be born?

I got used to the idea of being born in 1993. I never dared to think much about
the one on which I'd die.

Will my second birth will mean my first death?

### Monday, December 14th, 2015 "You have something better: a girlfriend."

Did I dream anything today?

I remember opening my eyes and it being earlier than I thought. I stayed awake.
I reached for my phone and played on it for a while.

Why did I want to be awake that early in the morning? I couldn't sleep. The
clock marked 3h while I kept tossing and turning.

I didn't forget to take my pill today. I showered and shaved.

Is there a difference in me?

I put on the thermal pants that my mother had gave me before I left for Spain.
I'm wearing them under a pair of pajama pants.

When I was in the couch playing with Luis, I took the second set of pants off.

"Are you wearing tights?" He asked after catching a glimpse of my legs under
the blanket.

I answered him with the truth before thinking I could have used to opportunity
to tell him about me. I thought back to a similar missed chance when I wore the
Hermione costume. I put the pants back on again after he went to bed.

I played videogames almost all day. When I wasn't lying on the couch I was
sitting on the table. I just ate and played.

At least I did take a shower today.

Tomorrow won't be the day that my cousin comes. He'll be here on Wednesday.

Why am I worried? He won't pick up anything strange about me. My father has
lived all my life with me and has no idea.

I can't know that. He might have an idea. He hasn't said anything.

I had a headache almost all day.

I saw another job offering and I ignored it.

No, I just let it pass.

What was it this time? It didn't have a bad time schedule. It didn't show any
requirements that I didn't have.

Yesterday, while I was in bed, I saw all of my grades. Four complete hundreds
and a ninety-one. I took my list of classes with their respective grades and
calculated my own GPA. I don't remember exactly what was it that I was looking
for. The calculation threw a 94. I would be second place. Hilda would be above
me. She'll be first of the class. She'll get a job and be successful and happy.

I'll graduate with a 98. 98 out of 100. I spent all day knowing this fact and
I still can't totally believe it. I expect somebody to come and correct me. Why
can't I just accept it? Is it just another advantage that won't mean anything
at all? Is it another thing that'll be ignored when I apply for jobs?

I have clinical experience and some research experience. I studied a semester
abroad in Spain. I will graduate with an impressive GPA. Why do I still think
nobody will call me back?

Why would nobody accept me?

Because I'll look like a man. I will be a man and look differently.

"Vania has a driver's licence now. I don't know how to feel," Catherine
confessed to me right before her session with Liliana.

"If you don't have it, it's only because you don't want to," I cut her off
mid-thought.

Why do I get irritated with these things?

I thought about it later at night while we were talking. I see myself in her.
I have doubts and fears. I want to advance, but I don't dare to take a step.
I am paralized with terror. She is scared and stuck and I want her to advance,
to do something, so it will mean that I can, too.

I didn't tell my mom about me until after she told hers. Why did I wait? Will
I wait for her tell her father, too, before I can tell mine?

I didn't dream it; I thought about it. I considered it.

I haven't checked the car. We didn't drive it. _Dad, can we check the jetta?_
I could ask him. He'll say yes and get his coat. I'll go grab the keys and
courage. I'll sit in the driver's seat and take off. We'll drive in the
neighborhood, it will be dark already. He'll ask me to take a turn and go back
home. Maybe the car will run fine, maybe it won't. It won't matter, I'll pull
over. _I need to tell you something, Dad_

I'll start. I'll say it. Soon.

I hope.

### Tuesday, December 15th, 2015 "I can't take this anymore. I don't want this.
I'm sick of it. It's been enough. I'm fucking tired of being in your place,
dressing like you; being seen by everyone like I were you."

Her reflection was lying in front of her. Her screams like a waterfall rained
on his face. She started punching him, again and again. From the hits of voice
and fists, he reached out and hugged her. She held on to him and both of them
cried and sobbed together.

I woke up earlier today.

At first, at least. I pulled myself out of the bad dreams. Lucifer, my mom;
again a bathroom and a morning routine, being late; another glimpse of the
symptoms, a symbolic scene, and a chasing nightmare.

I replied to the messages from Anahí.

"It feels weird waking up this early."

"You gotta be kidding me, it's 9 o'clock in the morning, Sofía."

She uses my name and I feel warm inside. It feels corny, and a little pathetic,
and I hate myself for it, but I like it.

Why does it bother me still? Why do I feel it fake? Am I so accustomed to
misery that anything else feels unearned?

Tomorrow Teo will come. He will bring his girlfriend with him. They'll both
stay in my bedroom.

I had to wake up early so my dad can come with me to the mechanic and give me
a ride back home in his car. Later, Catherine will come for me and take us to
the beach. We can do something there. By the night or evening that I return,
they will already be here.

I didn't know what to wear. I wanted to wear something feminine. Not the dress
or the skirt but almost. I wanted to feel the nervousness of the possibility of
being noticed. I wanted to be confusing. Unrecognizable.

I don't care anymore. I do, I just care less than ever.

I woke up with two words stuck in my throat: _I'm trans_.

I wanted to spit them out, scream them, throw them to everyone's face. I wanted
to post them on Facebook and Twitter; say them my parents, and brothers, and
God. I wanted everyone in the world to know, to judge me; to take this burden
away from me and finally be free.

I went back to sleep. I guess that was what I was running away from. There was
no one following me; not lucifer nor a ghost. Not a single person was after me.
I am running from myself.

"People don't know if you are a man or a woman." That was one of Luis' insults
today. The little idiot thought I'd be offended by that; that's exactly what
I yearn.

He hugged me. Has he ever done it before? He made himself a cup of maruchan
soup.

"Is it of shrimp and chilli?"

"No," he answered me. He knows I like that flavor and inferred I would ask him
for a taste.

Whatever, sure. I kept playing my game.

When I got up looking for something to eat, I saw the wrapping of the paper
cup. He had lied to me. I called him out.

"No, sorry," he exclaimed. "Sorry, sorry".

_It's just soup_ I was meaning to say when I turned my head silently. He
grabbed me with one arm and got close to me.

It was just soup.

He loves me, he misses me, and admires me. I'm his big brother and role model.
What will he think of me when he knows?

What will people say about him when they know? Would he hug me when I finally
tell him?

What will I tell him?

_You were right, I'm an hermaphrodite._

_I like when people don't know my sex; they always get it wrong._

_I did dress up as Hermione in Halloween._

_I dress up as Iván every single other day._

_I am not your brother; I am not a man._

"Iván, can you teach me about it? Like when you explained to me about that
women with a Y chromosome and how some people can have XXX and more?"

Everything would be easier if they hated me. If they didn't care. If they'd be
angry and upset, I could do it for myself and fight for what I want. Why does
it hurt me, their love and acceptance?

Why was it easier to deal with that comment my mom made? That was known
territory.

I was alone with my dad in the car, but I kept my mouth shut. I didn't say
anything.

### Wednesday, December 16th, 2015 _There is something that I want to tell you:
I am trans. I don't have to, I just want to say it. Sharing it is not something
that I like. None of the times I've done, I've liked it. I can think of
a thousands reasons, but mainly it's because I feel as if it were a confession.
Yes, it was a secret, but it's not a crime or a sin. Definitively it's not
a sickness or a perversion. Just recently I realized it's not even a problem.
This is why I wanted to tell you in the most casual way. I am transgender.

Not a lot of people know what it is. Even fewer really understand it. Maybe
this is why it's not something that's really accepted. If you want to know
about it or you already do, but still want to understand me more, you can start
by reading this link. If you have a comment or a more personal question, you're
welcome to tell me. If you feel like making a joke to release the tension or
tell me why you don't agree, I don't think this is the best time for that.

I can change the way I look and talk and dress, but I can't never change who
I really am; only hide it. And I got sick of masks. I can't change either how
you see me. I can only ask you how to refer to me and treat me and, with time,
hope you see me as I feel.

To some, it has been hard or way too much. If that's your case, too, even
though it'll hurt, I'll understand. Just like them, you're welcome to look for
me whenever you are ready. If you want to try and keep contact, you can add me
on this new profile.

Whether you read everything or just the first sentence, thank you for seeing
me. Whether we've shared just a couple of words over the internet or a whole
life-time of memories, thank you for being there. I know there lies a long
a hard path ahead of me, but you can't even imagine the relief that is to
realize that I don't have to travel it alone.

Before Iván until finally me.

Sofía._

I was woken up by my father at 6h. I don't remember a better night of sleep
than today's. I got up anyway and put on pants. I waited with Luis and my dad
until the time to leave.

We drove separately to the mechanic. There was not a lost opportunity there.
After leaving the jetta, I had it. We waited, also, before the mechanic
arrived. He talked to me instead of my uncle's house; his plans. Whether
they're the plans of my uncle to sell his house and buy another one, or Edgar's
about buying a terrain and building a home, he always sees the way they won't
be able to succeed. He imagines the ways they'll fail and how they will get
there. He knows and it's convinced by it. He doesn't tell them. No, he shares
it later to somebody else. Will he do that to me with my plans, too. Am
I scared of that?

_He'll never be a woman. He'll fail. He'll never be able to get a job. It
doesn't matter what he takes, his body will reject it. It won't change enough.
There will be problems when he goes to the capital to change his papers. There
will be lots of problems. He, he, he._

I can't tell my father, so I want to tell the world instead.

I can't take this anymore. My mind is screaming at me. I'm hurting myself while
doing nothing to change the condition I'm in.

Catherine came to pick me up and I received her with make up and the woman's
sweater. I found myself pretty. Even after the razor burned me like never
before, I liked myself. I wore a little hat she gave me and felt right,
comfortable. I didn't mind the sights on me. I was myself and that was the only
think that mattered.

I can control it. I realized it when the waitress saw the three of us and
welcomed us as women.

There is just one thing. It's not my appearance or even my beard. It's my
voice.

All of my problems lie in my throat. What I can't say and how I can't speak.

### Thursday, December 17th, 2015 "Iván, is that... are you wearing a bra?
I touched you there and it felt like a brassiere."

I always feared something like this would happen.

"It's not the hell I expected", I said to René. The world didn't end. He
noticed. He noticed yesterday, too, when I arrived with my lips coloured.

He notices me. That has, I guess, its goods and drawbacks.

It happened today. I woke up today and he asked me once again. It was this
morning. That should had been the quote of the day. _What are the symptoms of
depression?_

"I've told you already, why do you want to know?"

"Just 'cuz", he said and I enlisted them again briefly as bulletpoints.

"Which of those have you seen in me?" He continued.

It was unexpected. I was left speechless.

What could I say?

I was full of guilt.

Is it my fault? It comes in the family.

I'm his big sibling, his role model; did he learn it from me?

It was the opening of my session. I was woken up by my father turning on the
lights at 6h. I stayed awake. I had to be ready expecting the call of my
cousin. He wasn't the bigot I was building up in my mind. The rainbow flags
will stay in my room. They are a good memory that shouldn't be hidden.

I spoke about my mother's joke: _Who will try your dress?_ _Well, you..._

He didn't know of those kind of jokes.

Hadn't I talked about the incident where I didn't want to go in the bathroom?

_It won't fall off_, she said then. He remarked that. I didn't see it until
now. The fear of castration; Oedipus complex.

I'm scared of demolishing the idea my brother has of me.

I laugh and I cry in sessions, now. Why do I feel like crying now?

I have changed. I am not the same person I was two years ago. Would I recognize
myself if I saw the picture Catherine has of us in her WhatsApp?

I talked about the hormones, my fear of a no. I opened the pandora box. There
is no way of closing it now. In the bottom of it lies my true happiness
together with all the evils of humanity.

"Do some research and we will see." Was he giving me some hope?

What if I can't? What if I am not capable or worth it or strong enough?

What if I never find the courage to say it or show it? What if just one act or
a single laugh is enough to bring me to tears and destroy me?

What if I actually am the delicate little flower I am scared of being?

The day after Christmas will be our trip to Disneyland. The last time I went,
it was with Monica. This time I'll be with Anahí and Catherine. Luis will be
bigger and closer. What if I ruin it? What if my father realizes it by then and
doesn't speak to me?

I won't be alone. I don't have to be alone.

René had a theory he wanted to propose. He thought of two reasons that could be
behind the comment my mom made that day at my aunt's house.

"Maybe she said that as a way to show you how people will react to those kind
of things, or maybe it was a way for her to test the waters with your aunt."

I didn't buy them, it felt different. I sensed her repulsion in her voice. She
said it as if it were something sick. I've heard that tone before.

I was more comfortable with the idea of feeling feminine.

_I am a woman._

I always repeat how I hate that phrase. Am I jealous? Why does it feel so good
when Catherine says it and so unbelievable when I do?

I'll see René next week.

I can send a question to Cabrales. Maybe he knows of a clinic; maybe he knows
about someone who deals with this.

Maybe I can find the sexologist or go personally to COCUTT and ask directly.

I might send my resume, too, to that job offering.

Why am I still so scared?

I want to advance but I'm petrified.

### Friday, December 18th, 2015 "When you have a girlfriend she will have
a penis... no, she will be a dyke."

I am finally sitting down with my laptop on my legs, exactly in the same spot
where my mother made that comment to my aunt. I'm writing these same words.
Will I write about the same thing? I don't remember what I was writing about
that time.

Yesterday René gave me the green light to go on my research looking for
a doctor. At first, I went back to the information I already had. There was
a study done here in Baja California on which they paid for and supervised the
transition of about 20 people. I didn't remember the dates so I confused it
with the poster of a NGO where they announced they'd do a pilot clinic offering
medical and psychological attention for free to a certain number of people.
Those interested should send a mail to the people in charge with the clinic.
There were the names of two sexologists and a physician. Cabrales was once
again mentioned.

So, by then, I had three names and a discontinued NGO. The page of the NGO had
a telephone number, but I didn't want to call them.

Why?

"I know why you don't want to call, but you are closer." Catherine saw through
me and confronted me. "I feel frustrated".

I kept on with my research. Cabrales was again mentioned as a physician.
I could reach out to him and ask him.

The sexologist was Aracely Cervantes. She's a teacher in the university. No,
I don't know that. She might have just been a student there. I found her
Facebook profile. There I could send her a message asking about her
participation in the program and their results. Were that to be a dead end,
which I'd be expecting, I could then ask her about the reference of some
specialist.

I saw her pictures and felt something that evaded explanation. I didn't like
her.

Why am I so shallow? They're just pictures.

I was thinking about that when Catherine made another comment about the same
thing. I exploded. I said the NGO was certainly discontinued. There wasn't an
address or any recent sign of life. It was a fucking dead end.

I had just found the list about specialists in transgender care everywhere in
Mexico. There was a section specific to Tijuana. In it, there was a laser
clinic, a couple of plastic surgeons, two psychologists, and an
endocrinologist.

Jackpot.

Here it was what I have been looking for. I should have felt proud and thrilled
with excitement. It was finally there.

But I kept searching. I continued looking for anything other than a phone
number.

He's a doctor from the University of Baja California. He's a specialist in
endocrinology and diabetes. He worked briefly in Hospital Angeles and, I think,
now works in Hospital del Prado. He had good reviews praising his great
attention. A woman posted something about the time she was supposed to wait to
see him. It was August and he wasn't available before January.

I could go for him. If he was from UABC, René might know him.

I wanted a doctor. Something I could reach. I didn't want to deal with another
intermediary. If René, my own therapist and a physician himself has no
contacts, what use would it be going to another psychologist. I want somebody
who can help me themselves.

And I found him. René gave me a go. I have his name and phone number. I know
where I could go to see him.

Now it's just about calling. Meeting. Asking.

I blew up with Catherine. I aggresively ended the conversation by telling her
I had the name of an endocrinologist and was going to sleep.

She cried.

I cried, too.

I felt scared. I am afraid. I don't know what lies ahead.

What if I am not ready? What if time goes faster and faster and it catches up
with me, surrounds me, grabs me by the throat, and ends me?

I feel as if I were going so fast that my head is dizzy and disoriented.

Catherine told me she felt I was sending her of, and she felt useless. We had
a problem of miscommunication. I was going faster than how she was processing.
I am going so fast that I almost crashed.

I escaped, but it wasn't from her.

I found what I was looking for and it scared me. I'm still scared.

I want it more than anything and it's closer than I ever thought it would be.

### Saturday, December 19th, 2015 I've send the message. One of many.

It's done. I just clicked send and my curriculum is on its way.

Today is the first day that I apply for a job as a psychologist. I feel scared
and nervous.

I talked to my father about the job offer. He gave me advice for the the
interview.

It's the first, it's just an application; she hasn't even seen it. It doesn't
mean she will respond or that I will even get and interview, much less the job.

I should try to reach out to the endo, too. I want that more. It also scares me
more.

I have to do other things first. I have to tell my dad.

I have to finish these words because I won't be able to later. The wedding will
be in a couple of hours. I won't have time.

Time, everything is about time. The counter up here that marks the days, the
little number that grows and grows. 48 is today. When I finish, it'll mark 49.
56 was my highest streak before. 56 days after I started taking the medication.
48 days now since I've again stopped talking with Monica.

I feel this urge again to reach out. I wasn't the one who ended it. The ball is
on her court. She has to make the decision, not me.

Her wave outside the movies didn't mean anything. Her smile was a traitorous
gesture. A mask hiding a hostile thought.

I have too many other people that I should try to reach out to.

The job application is done. I have to talk to my father, to my brothers.
I have to pick a message for the plaque of thanks that I'll give out the day of
my graduation. I have to make an appointment with the endo. Get my blood drawn
and start taking the medication.

I had a dream this morning. My back is aching and my wrist is killing me.
I told René I never see myself in those dreams. I don't know how do I look,
what I'm wearing; I'm not even sure I know how I feel.

This dream was different. Several things happened. I remember a family. People
saying they didn't like me. I remember names, but can't attach them to faces;
Veronica, Jennifer. A man on top of a building. Going back in time. Again,
a theme was reflection. It was me and a girl—or was I the girl?

I remember being in a bus with Catherine, seeing a little baby with red hair.
I recognized her. She was with her mom. I told Catherine to look at her as
I smiled. I kept my eyes on her. She was somebody, but now I don't know who.

I thought her mother was a man at first. She had longer hair tied in
a ponytail, but I saw her as a man. Then the baby's father came and I realized
my mistake.

A little later, the child's grandmother approached us and went directly to me.

"I saw you, girl, how you were eyeing my son. You were flirting with him and
he's married."

She was mistaken, but I didn't care. She saw me as a girl. Was I wearing
women's clothes? Was I a woman?

I woke up in ache.

I already ate breakfast. I haven't showered or gotten ready.

I feel like I have a lot of things to do. I feel burdened by time, crushed by
it. At the same time, I feel claustrophobic in the emptiness of it.

I've finished school. I have nothing to do. I know not where to go now. I feel
lost. My future is clouded. I can't see ahead.

I should try my contact lenses again.

Why? I like myself more with glasses.

I will wear a suit today. How will I look?

I remember the last time I wore it. It was the first day on antidepressants. It
was more than a hundred days ago. Three months; three months on those pills.

Will I restart the counter when I take those other ones?

Will I try to start them on a special date? Or the day itself that I'll start
will be special by itself?

Will I be as cheesy as to call it my second birthday? I hope not.

I haven't even tried to contact the doctor.

Why am I so scared to be excited? I found an endocrinologist. He was in a list
of people who specifically see people like me.

I still can get disappointed. There might be a waiting list. I might be
rejected. I might never get to that.

### Sunday, 2015-12-20

After writing the words yesterday, I decided to send the mail to the company
near Catherine's house. What could I lose? I am a graduate. I have free time.
I am capable. I first saved it as a draft. Then, a couple of minutes later
I reopened it and hit send. I can't remember if I was already wearing a suit.
Maybe I was. It was minutes before noon. We were almost leaving. I saw the post
in Facebook about the other job offer of the university in the psycho pedagogic
department. I went for my laptop, opened the mail and send it, too. I didn't
know what university it was, but I didn't care.

We left with the car full. Sebastian was with us. We had to pick up my grandma,
buy a nail polish, leave Sebastian with my aunt and go to the party. My father
had forgotten the invitations. But that happened yet. He hadn't realized. We
stopped first in the Calimax near my uncle's house. It was just a couple of
minutes when we were alone in the car and the phone ran. It was a woman from
the university Xochicalco asking about Iván Fernandez. She asked me if I was
him and I lied. She offered and interview Monday at 1pm. I wasn't ready.
I might never be. But I will be there.

The second Curriculum sent and I have an interview. I try to not get very
excited. I know I won't necessarily get it. Miguel got it in Cecut. No, I don't
have to get very excited.

After that was when my father remembered. We came back to the house and my aunt
picked my cousin up. We picked my grandma and left for the hotel.

There were lots of pictures. Of everybody, the bride and groom, the family, the
siblings, the nephews and nieces. I was one of the nephews. I was the older son
of my parents. The one in the suit. I see the pictures with me in an oversized
suit, with my hair all tied up and invisible. I expected to be seen all man.
Why would everybody notice me? Everything mine was masculine.

Today I saw the pictures. It was weird. There is something in my face. I'm not
him. It feels pathetic to type it. I hate saying I am a woman. It's like a half
lie I've yet not convinced myself of. But I did look weird. My face didn't
match. I was cross-dressing. Everyone is accustomed to see me this way. That is
normal for them. For years it was normal to me too.

In the church the ceremony was given by three fathers. The older one asked
about why marrying by the church. "Why not just marry legally? There are some
people who marry in Las Vegas, or others by 'some law'. That is not the plan of
God"

I tried to be the devil's advocate when Luis told me he didn't like religion.
"Why? It's an old book, those were the customs then." I felt a hot rage when
I heard those words. I would not be welcome there. They don't want me. At first
it was just about the homosexual relationship. Me marrying Catherine. Both of
us wearing dresses. Both of us being "women". "We pray to God to make the
government to protect the sanctity of marriage". The pray so I can't be with
her.

It wasn't just that. They wouldn't just despise our relationship. They would
not accept me. I could not be neither a groom nor a bride. I'm nothing. I'm in
the limbo. I don't exist to them. I'm a mistake and God doesn't make them. I am
mistaken.

It was the church. It's religion. That I know. There area laws. There are ways
for us now to be happy. "I don't even want it, anyway."

She imagined herself, maybe, walking through the aisle with her dad on her arm.
Standing there to his partner. Being seen by everyone and their love celebrated
by all their relatives and friends.

We arrived to the salon. Luis was telling me how sick he felt. We had not
eaten. The menu there was a salad with cranberry sauce and meat covered in
cerulean sauce. Neither of us would eat. We both did.

There the couple married too but now by the law. The judge made the same
comments about the purpose of being married. A man and a woman being together
so they can make a family.

I would not be welcome then, either.

I saw the pictures my uncle took with all their friends. I envied them. A part
of me wanted just that. Being there, having that. I just then remembered the
suit. If I'd be in their place I would not have so many friends.

If I'd be in their place I wouldn't want to wear a suit and being called Iván
by everybody. Not just all of my friends would not attend. Part of my family
would not be there, either.

I felt sick and the exact same way I did in the graduation. That envy and
self-loathing. I wanted to escape. The clothes burned me. My neck is still red.

I stood with the men and walked around the groom to receive the band.

Catherine just told me today about her father. They talked about the trans son
of his coworker. "the daughter of the crazy cholo who is kind of weird"
Catherine told him that he is now his son. "Ah, why? Just because she wants
[...] but Therin, what is that? She is a girl, we met her as a girl." "She is
not a girl anymore. He is now a boy" her mother corrected him.

I felt nothing. Nothing at all. I imagined him saying it about me and it didn't
bother me. I want to tell my dad. Yesterday I wanted it so much. Morning came
and it brought me back but not totally. I want to. I am not scared anymore.
I am tired and exhausted. I want to dress and be how I want. I should not care
about other people.

He told me to wear the suit tomorrow for the interview. I won't. I'll wear
pants and a shirt. I'll wear the tie but other blazer. I'll tie my hair.

If I'm accepted I will have proven myself I can get a job easily. If not, I can
focus on being me and know I can fight for myself. I can be how I want to be,
doing what I want to do, and, more than anything. be happy.

### Monday, 2015-12-21

"She called me just now. I have an interview tomorrow at 11 in the morning"

I was just outside the school. I was waiting in the parking lot passing time
chatting with her on the phone. I arrived 5 minutes after I left my own house.
I didn't wear the suit. I put the gray pants and the white shirt I used to wear
with Catherine's uniform. The coat I put on was a casual one. The tie was the
red one. She did send her resume. The lady from human resources called her and
tomorrow will have her interview.

"Do you have a partner?" "Yes" "What's her name?" "She's called Catherine,
Catherine Rodriguez".

I didn't realize it until I was at home. What would she had said if she were in
my place? "Do you have a partner?" "Yes, I have a girlfriend. She's called
Sofía".

She can't say that anymore. She has to lie. No, whatever she says is a lie.
I didn't lie. I do have a girlfriend, her name is Catherine. What am I?

She could discriminate her by her sexual orientation. She would ask her in
a subtle way. "Are you married? Are you in a relationship?"

I had my first job interview as a professional. It went well. I didn't
hesitate, we made rapport, I answered everything and even though I didn't have
enough job experience, I had several with groups and other stuff.

Why do I still feel like a failure?

Even if I pass now, there are a lot of filters still. She would call me
tomorrow or the day after. I have until Christmas evening to receive her call.
Why don't I know what I want? The girl from the other job never returned or
answered my mail. I haven't called the doctor to make an appointment. I haven't
sent the sexologist a mail asking her for information about the study or about
someone who could help me.

I'll be fighting with Catherine for the job. She was upset about that. We have
the same experience. We have the same resume. If she gets the job but not me,
what would that mean?

Would I feel better if it were me who ends up with it?

Tomorrow we will go for the permits for the disneyland trip. I am nervous about
that, too. We have to meet with the lady who has the tickets outside the park.
She will hand them to us there. What if she doesn't go? What if she leaves?
What if something happens?

What if everything goes wrong?

What will I talk about tomorrow?

I didn't do anything. I didn't talk with my dad. I didn't called the doctor.
I didn't send the sexologist a mail. No, I did other things. I went to the
wedding. I wore the suit for a full day. I sent my resume and had a job
interview.

The year is ending.

Time is still going.

I'll be 23 in a couple of weeks.

I have the name of the doctor and his number. My dad is alone upstairs.

"Dad, I am not a man".

"Dad, I am sorry."

"I have to tell you something"

I don't know how. I don't want to. I do know. I do want. What is it then? What
blocks me? What impedes me of going right now and tell him? What forbids me to
grab the phone and call the doctor and ask for information?

Why do I feel more like an impostor? Why am I more upset? I almost forgot to
take my pill again. I remembered after I came back from the university.

Christmas will come soon enough. I wanted to tell him before then. I wanted
them to know, to remember. I wanted to wear whatever I wanted in the park.
I will be with Catherine and Anahí. What if they say something? What if they
misspeak? My brothers doesn't know. I could tell them. Why do I keep thinking
about what else to do instead of doing what I want?

How can I say it? What will he do or say? How will he react? Is that really
what scares me? What is it then?

Why do I flirt with the idea and yet stay in my seat just wondering. Every
passing day that goes I still suffer about what I think and feel and fear.

I told him about going to the capital. I told him about the master. He knows
about that. I told him about the interview.

I tell him about a lot of things but the thing that burns me and burdens me.

"Dad, I am trans. Please look at me"

### Tuesday, 2015-12-22

"Hello, Iván, yes indeed that program ended [...] Happy holidays."

The phone vibrated once halfway into the movie. I had took it out from my
pocket, the back pocket because the pants I was wearing were women's, before
the movie began to take a picture with Luis, then there were no new
notifications. I saw the banner which told me that Aracely had accepted my
request. I guess when I sent her a message Facebook asked her if she wanted to
let me communicate with her. I quickly put it away. I was scared. My body
started trembling. Emotion ran from the floor up to my legs and body. A shiver
shook me as I felt the vibrations again and again.

I took it out again and a glimpse from her text got to my sight. I couldn't
concentrate on the movie. I finally watched it with Luis. We weren't alone. The
whole family saw it. We went first to the consulate to get the permits we'll
need for the disneyland trip. What would I wear? My father woke me up in the
morning. I was going to take a shower but my mother was in the bathroom. Then
Miguel got in. After him they sent Luis, too. I ended up being the last person
to get ready.

What clothes could I wear? I've been wearing all masculine clothes. I'm tired
of them. I wanted something different. I didn't wear a bra. The underwear
I picked is the most neutral I own. The pants I've never worn them. I chose the
long red sweater and over it I put the long coat. The rain fell and wet us all.
The person who would give us the permits interrogated my dad. He asked question
to Miguel, too. What does he study, how far along is he? In my turn, he looked
at me and the questions began. What do I study? What am I doing? I lied. I said
I'm still studying. I said I'm in the last semesters still. I haven't finished
as if I were stuck.

It came natural to me. Even though I did it, my father reinforced it when we
exited. "Don't tell them you've finished. Whenever they ask just say you are in
the last semester".

I am stuck but not in school. I thought I was afraid of graduation, but I'm
restless. I'm anxious for it.

All of us will graduate from school and I'll graduate from him.

I haven't told him, nor him, nor anyone.

"With all of my men" she posted on Facebook. Those kind of posts irritate me.
I am not one of her men. I am not a man. I'm not. I'm tired of being seen as
one.

"She lost a lot of weight, it might be because of her graduation" "Will I lose
weight, too, then?" "You won't wear a dress".

If she only knew.

Will I make it? A whole night in a suit again?

I don't know I could deal with just a couple of hours for an interview.

I saw how Catherine went. I liked her, I wish I could look like that. I wish
everything could be a little easier.

"Two labor days" she told me they would call me in if I passed. Half went by
already. Will anyone call tomorrow? They posted again the job offering in
Facebook, the one for the company. They hadn't contacted either. They might
never do.

I told myself I would start sending in January. I have two more weeks to stop
worrying.

How late was yesterday when he called? I had sent him a text message
questioning the time of our meeting. I was in need of seeing him. I wanted to
talk. The night when I looked for doctors and news. I'm scared. I'm desperate
and frustrated.

I hesitated with the text. I had sent him a message before. No, it was a call.
"Who are you?" he asked me. "I heard a girl's voice". That's what started it.
So I wrote the text. "Hello, René, at what time will we meet tomorrow? Will it
be 11 or 12?"

I moved the cursor to the beginning: "I'm..." I'm who? Who is sending it? I'm
not Iván. Am I Sofía? I am not Sofía in this house. I am Sofía in Catherine's
company, in our dates, in our conversations, in René's office. In this house
I'm still Iván. I will be Iván these vacations, these holidays. I haven't
graduated. I'm not yet a psychologist nor Sofía.

I put it anyway.

He called me back. I missed it and took the phone just a couple minutes later.

I returned the call.

"Hello, what happened?" "Hello, Sofía, it's René Cardenas, I called because
I have to cancel this week's appointment..."

His name shook me. It was supposed to be welcome, validating. Why do I still
feel like an impostor?

Is that the reason why I haven't told nor called?



### Wednesday, 2015-12-23

Today I'll go with Catherine. What was it that happened yesterday to make me
feel sad again? I didn't know what to wear. She asked me what dress or with
what shoes? Do I have black tights? The questions frustrated me. I don't have
many options and yet I drowned in them. No matter what I would pick I'd look
like a freak. It hasn't been more than a month and I already feel imprisoned in
this persona. I can't remember the last time I had put make up on. I didn't
want to put before leaving. My parents would see me. They'd notice. Everyone is
home. Luis, and both of my parents are sitting in the living room. Catherine
will pick me up and I'll pass trough them.

I actually considered wearing these leggings and a t-shirt and a sweater to
Disneyland. I wanted to go comfortable and enjoy myself. Would I wear make up?
I'd be there all day. I wanted to tell him before Christmas. I wanted to be out
and comfortable there.

I hesitated to dress myself today, even in disguise I'm not comfortable. I have
the leggings under my jeans. I'm wearing the white bra under my red t-shirt.

Catherine was supposed to pick me up by 2 o'clock. I have already broken fast.
We would not eat until the evening. We were supposed to go to the hotel, have
sex, undress each other and dress us again in kisses and caresses. I'd be
wearing the dress, I'd be myself once again, one of the lasts times of the
year. I'd be out, I'd go out to the same place where I wore the leggings for
the first time.

Something happened. A tube broke. There is no water in her house. She woke up
early and made breakfast, she did her housework. She did everything she was
supposed to do. It's not a cosmic punishment it's not karma, it's just an
unfortunate event.

"My mother decided she doesn't want a tube there, so my uncle broke the wall
and with it a tube, so now I don't have water and can't shower."

Again she wants to assign blame to somebody. What difference does it make? Am
I mad, too? Do I blame her mother, too?

I might tell Luis.

Why do I keep saying it to myself as if it were an excuse. A reassurance that
I'll keep going.

Today was the last day when they were going to call me if I passed. They
haven't. Why do I keep thinking it? They won't. Will I keep thinking and
waiting and wondering if Catherine will get the call? Will it make
a difference?

I sat besides Luis yesterday. I tried to take a picture but I didn't want to
put the flash. The last time I was in a picture with flash in the movie theater
I was sitting in the last row wearing make up and a skirt. Monica was a couple
rows in front. Did she see me there? Did she know we were in the same theater?
I never wondered that. Did I make a difference? Does it make one?

I thank the sexologist for her answer. She didn't have to. She could ignore it.
I'm not one of "her trans girls patients". She doesn't even know me. Why would
she help me?

I have the name and number of the endo. I could call him any time I want.
I don't. I don't have money to pay him, I don't have my father's permission nor
even my family's knowledge.

I'd be taking another burden alone. I'd be doing it myself without asking for
help.

How can I tell them? How can I ask? Why does it freaks me and scares me and
petrifies me?

"Here with my men", she posted in facebook. Will she put another statuses like
that tomorrow and the next day? Will she ask for pictures of "her men" in
disneyland? What will Catherine and Anahí say if they hear? What will they
think?

Luis has just entered my room: "What does curry tastes like?"

I motioned to the earphones in my head. "I can't hear you" I drew with my lips.
He stood there and asked again. He knows I do hear him. He knows I'm ignoring
him.

I want him to notice me and I send him away. Am I scared he will send me away?
Do I push people apart so I'd be alone by my own choosing?

Is that what Catherine did when she deleted Facebook?



### Thursday, 2015-12-24

Today is Christmas eve. I am in my uncle's house. We've come to celebrate the
holidays. I am sitting in the new dinning room with the laptop open on the
table. I fell asleep in the way here. I was sitting in my seat with the
earplugs in, it was unusual. It was like if I passed this permeable layer
between consciousness and fantasy. Like my thoughts came to life.

Yesterday I went out with Catherine. She came to pick me up and I waited for
her with the jeans over my leggings. The gray dress was in my bag. I told my
mom when I received her text message. I left like if I were hiding something.
Maybe my dreams were what made me easier to the thought of telling somebody.

I got in her car and saw her. We hadn't seen each other for a week. I wanted to
be near her, hug her, feel her close. I reclined myself in her arm and pulled
her closer. She gave me a present. "Happy Christmas" she said. It was a t-shirt
wrapped in newspaper. A white t-shirt with the image of classic Mickey. The
neck is a red line and the short sleeves are gray. That's the one I'll wear the
day after tomorrow for Disneyland. I wanted to try it on. See how it looked
with the bra and the leggings. I took the jeans off while she stepped off to
the Oxxo. She bought condoms and I changed. She parked us in front of the
store. People passed while I was topless and had the dress covering me. The
idea of my father coming to the store, too, parking beside me and seeing me.
Would he be surprised? Angry?

He wouldn't be expecting to see me there. Would that impede him to actually
notice me?

Maybe that's the reason they don't see me. They don't expect to see what
appears to them. I am a man, I don't wear make up. When I wear make up they
don't notice. When I put women pants on, they don't notice. When I show them my
hairless legs, they don't notice. Even Luis hasn't noticed.

"I'll work in Hooters." "You'll have to razor your legs".

I already do. Haven't you seen?

I guess he has not.

I put the dress on and took them off when we arrived. We undressed each other
and held us in our arms. She lied over me and I almost came right then. After
finishing each other off we showered. I put the clothes again. It feels
different treating the clothes as just that. I don't have to hide or change.
I can put the same thing with which I came. I can be myself. I put the make up
on with her. We shared the mirror.

There was something different this time. I didn't feel as comfortable as the
other times. I felt... broken. The image was bad, foggy. I would still be
exposed but it was different. She took us to the beach. We were going to eat in
the same place were I took the leggings. It was closed. We got off the car and
I was there. I showed myself even though I felt...

It was closed. We got to the car again and decided to go to the sushi place
where the guys gave us a taste that other time when I was wearing the skirt. We
entered and it was empty. I had asked Catherine to order for us. I hate the
moment when I open my mouth and they change the way they see and talk to me.
They welcome us as two women, and when I talk they see me as something else.

I should practice the way I talk. I should change the voice. I still feel like
a person in disguise, like I'm lying.

The waiter didn't use any pronouns. He talked neutral he saw us normally as any
other person. The couple that got in after us didn't notice me. Maybe they did
look and thought nothing. Maybe they just looked.

We tried new things. A mexican roll, she ordered chicken tempura and
I a yakisoba.

I ended up eating my plate, more than the half of ours and half of hers. She
was still hungry so I offered to go to the creperie.

I could drink something hot. Maybe a chocolate, maybe a tea.

The girls who were working there saw us and welcomed us.

"Are you ready [neutral, masculine] to order?"

I heard and felt miserable. It was a confirmation. I looked like a man the
whole day. Whom was I kidding?

Catherine told me she did use the feminine adjective.

I have no reason not to believe her.

The school didn't call back. Is that the first rejection or does the factory
counts, too?

They didn't answer the first time. Does the second counts, too?

### Friday, 2015-12-25

Tomorrow I have to wake up earlier than ever. Today is Christmas but it doesn't
feel like it. This had to be one of the most boring ones I've ever had.

I received two gifts. Catherine yesterday had none. She was the only one in her
house who didn't open anything. Everyone, including her dog had at least one.
We just talked about that before. She was sad, upset. There were a lot of
things related.

There were comments by some of her family. "Nobody remembers Cathy's indios".
"What you need is a so called Iván". How did he know about him? She had not
said anything or made any comment to her family. "Facebook", he said. It
couldn't be. She doesn't make any comments or posts about us. "That's what you
told me to say" he said to his wife and everybody laugh. It was their private
joke. She felt bad. She thought of herself as a bad person, a bad girlfriend.

At that moment I was worried about her and forgot to think about myself. That
was exactly what I was afraid of. I didn't want to be seen as her boyfriend. To
put myself under more expectations. That's exactly where I am. They are more
people to whom I have to come out and explain myself.

"He is not Iván, he is not my boyfriend". "If I didn't tell anyone I had my
reasons. This was exactly why I didn't want to tell you. Because you can tell
anyone".

Merry Christmas.

I remember thinking about Monica. Would she wish me something? What would I do
or say? Did I really forget or was something that I made myself do?

Christmas is almost ending, just like the year. In a couple of days they will
publish the results of the Exam. Am I excited by that or scared?

I had a debate with myself about what to wear. Jeans or leggings? I was more
and more convinced about breaking boundaries. Being there just like that. Show
me and be me.

I hate that phrase. "Show me" as if I were hidden. A part of me sees me like
a fool in denial and the other as a corny teenager submerged in melodramatic
bullshit. I am me. There are no masks or disguises just choices. Clothes and
names. I am me. I have always been me.

We were supposed to buy the tickets with the agency and just go. Pay and enjoy.
That was it. It was easy and comfortable. That's the reason I told my own
parents and invited my family.

Anahí came with the proposal about buying the other tickets. They were cheaper.
My father would save a little more than a hundred dollars. It would be a little
more complicated but the price was worth it.

Then, things started to change. Plans began to morph and everything turned to
shit. There would not be tickets before the day. Anahí wasn't going to receive
them, we would meet the lady before entering the park. Then there wasn't going
to be 7 tickets but 6. Maybe she could buy the other one. Maybe... We didn't
know. If not, everybody would have to complete the money that was missing for
the new ticket. The last news was how there would not be any tickets at all.
She would return the money to Anahí and we would buy the tickets online. Today
in the morning Catherine called me to tell me how there was no money. The
transfers system was not working because of Christmas. Anahí will have to meet
the woman there in the park to receive her money. There was a chaos. How would
we buy them? What would we do? What if Anahí decided not to go? I was desperate
and frustrated and my head wanted to explode.

I was irritated when my grandmother kept offering food. Didn't I want a piece
of cake? I answered no and told her I don't like strawberry nor cream cheese.
She kept offering, explaining how it wasn't so sweet and good. I wanted to
scream at her. Stand up and tell her how I fucking hate her. I remembered that
feeling when she grabbed my bracelet and asked me if it was weaved. I wished
I had the rainbow one. I wanted her to see so I could tell her.

I am gay. I am worse than gay. I am transgender and gay. Look at me. LOOK AT
ME.

Is that what I feel, is that really the reason?

When Luis told me he wondered if he was depressed the first thing that came to
me was guilt. Why do I feel guilty?

Maybe a deep part of me attributes myself the cause of it. Maybe I blame her
for my own suffering.

It's not her fault. She didn't pass it to me. My gender is nobody's fault.

It's no hers nor the world's.

It's not mine, either. It just happened.

### Saturday, December 26th, 2015 I just wrote this in Anahí's phone; in the
bus, with Catherine by my side.

### Sunday, 2015-12-27

Today I break the longest streak I've had.

Yesterday I almost lost. It was a couple of minutes after eleven when
I remembered. Anahí was asleep under Catherine's blanket. My phone had no
internet connection. Hers did. We all were seated in a dark bus. The bus was
half empty. Anahí had data I could borrow. I woke her up and asked her. She
gave it to me half-conscious and I cheated. I could had written a thousand
words with what happened. We were at disneyland. It was a these kind of days
when I went there with Monica. It was different. Even though we parted ways,
Catherine and Anahí spent some time with my family. They talked to Luis. Luis
talked to them. We all rode some attractions.

The woman with the money called Anahí a couple of times. She was rushed to meet
her. I was a little desperate for everything to end. I felt Anahí's
anxiousness. I shared it with her.

"How should I refer to her? Do I call her Iván? or...? She didn't tell me
anything"

Even after she got her money, there was another situation. Should all of us
stay together? Or I had to tell my parents we wanted to part?

A part of me didn't want to make Catherine and Anahí to spend time with my
family, being dragged to wherever they wanted to go, doing what they wanted to
do. It was our trip first. But at the same time, I felt guilty leaving Luis
alone with them. What should I do?

Catherine asked me. I had to make a decision. It was hard.

We picked different rows and entered at different times. We waited for them and
watched the music band march in the entrance. When I went back looking for them
I asked my mom. Told her we were a large party and maybe it might be easier if
we went our separate ways. She told me my dad had asked her the same thing.

The first half I was with just them. It was different when they changed
pronouns and names. The first time Anahí corrected herself it was an
uncomfortable relief. The first ride we went to was Pirates of the Caribbean.
Catherine had never got in but Anahí and I had. I knew there were little drops.
Little droplets of water wet some spots in our clothes.

I was wearing the pants Catherine gave to me and she wore leggings. Anahí was
in her baymax dress with red tights and a leather jacket. Catherine and I had
matching t-shirts. I wore the black long-sleeved t-shirt underneath and the red
long sweater over it. She had a black hoodie.

The second ride was the haunted mansion. Neither of them had seen it in the
holidays. They loved it. Catherine and I were in the same seat and Anahí rode
alone. Maybe that's why she changed moods several times. I would had felt
uncomfortable if I were with a couple.

Once I felt mad at her. Why did she have to be that way? Why can't she enjoy
herself? I was mad at myself. I remembered how I decided to take two pills that
morning. Just now I remembered I didn't take today's. Why do I gamble with its
effects?

The third ride was one I had never got in. There were almost no line even
though the park was full. Splash mountain. The little wait time we did I spent
it in anguish. When finally we stepped of half wet I had a little feeling of
pride. I did it.

We met my family and separated again. We would meet in the afternoon to eat. We
wanted to go to the Indiana Jones but it was closed. The aladdin one, too. We
ended up buying a big turkey leg to share and Anahí and I some frozen treats.
She a mickey shaped cookie and I a frozen banana. We watched the parade.

We ate watching the show of the little kids training as padawans. The ride we
all went to was the white mountain. Matterhorn. I closed my eyes the whole ride
waiting for a big fall but there were none. Just tossing and turning. It might
have been the longest wait besides Fantasmic. I saw Luis' eyes watering as he
stepped out.

We did end up buying churros. We ate them before watching the show. The lights,
the fire, everything. It was worth the wait.

The whole trip was amazing.

I look at the pictures. I remember the trip back home. I rested my head in
Catherine's shoulder. I think about how I used to remember the trip back with
Monica. We were asleep, too, before I woke up and woke her with my hands and
lips. My pants were wet.

I didn't touch Catherine like that. She touched me a little but lighter. She
brushed her fingers over my chest and thighs but that wasn't it.

I was asleep over her instead of the other way around. She wanted to wake me up
and whispered my name. She put her hand over my cheek and, in my sleep I put
mine over hers.

That is the sweetest memory of the trip.

### Monday, 2015-12-28

Today's biscuits had cheese in them. The odor almost made me gag. Other days
I would had felt rage or sadness. This time I just went to the kitchen and
cooked two eggs with the fries and the meat of one taco.

I showered a couple of minutes ago. The days are finally cold. I feel lost in
the calendar. I don't know how to find myself in the present. I don't seem able
to locate myself in time. I keep forgetting where in the year I am. 2015 is
almost ending. A couple of days and is over. One week after that and I'll be
23.

For a moment I forgot about looking for a job or looking for a doctor. Tomorrow
I'll see René. He sent me a text message earlier today asking me if 11 in the
morning worked for me. If it weren't for Catherine's reminder I wouldn't had
remembered today is monday and tomorrow I was supposed to have the meeting with
him.

Of what will I talk? The thought about having to tell him something is
a familiar one. The last time I went it was before the wedding. A thursday
before the wedding of my uncle. So then, since then what I haven't done?
I didn't tell my dad nor Luis. I didn't asked my mother about her comment to my
aunt.

What did happen?

I went to the wedding. I wore the suit. It was longer than the time before.
I used it for half the day.

Before that. It was Friday. Or was it that same thursday? Yes. Friday was when
we left for Mexicali. Thursday was when I decided to look for a doctor. I had
a discussion with Catherine. I looked everywhere. I found a lot. I got the
Facebook of the sexologist. I saw about the pilot treatment last year. I got
a list of experts in the area. One of them was an endocrinologist. I had hit
the jackpot when Catherine kept asking me about the page of the outdated NGO.

I should talk on the phone. I must had called. Those were my only options.
I had the name and number of the doctor. No intermediary, not some NGO or an
expert who could point me in the right way. I had his name, his number, his
place of work. I knew for a fact he treats trans people.

I had him. Why do I kept feeling anger? Why was I still scared? Why was I more
afraid than before?

Was it then when I found the news about a person from Guadalajara who was in
a march because the government didn't recognize his change of papers?

That breath of hope was gone, too.

I decided to go to sleep and cried in the sheets.

Then it was friday, and after that saturday, the wedding. I was in m suit when
I decided to send my resume. A factory and a school. A couple of minutes later
I got an answer from the university. Monday I would had my interview.

The wedding was a reminder of what I am not and what I will not have. Man and
woman. God made a man and a woman. Fight for the sanctimony of marriage. Women
should stand up, now men.

My mother's men.

There was no doubt in my clothes. Not even my hair. I was anxious and desperate
as the night passed by. I got home and untied my hair and took the clothes off.

My fathers comments the next day scared me. I should wear the suit again for
the interview. I already planned to tied my hair. But the suit? Again? If
I present myself like that, do I obligate myself to keep doing it if I get the
job?

Is gaining my life worth it if it means I have to live that way?

I didn't got the call. Christmas was calm and mellow. The next day we went to
Disneyland. I preferred separating myself from my family and it was a relief
hearing my name from their mouths.

The year is coming to an end. I use the excuse of the holidays to keep
postponing what scares me. I am afraid of keep looking for a job. I am afraid
of calling the doctor and making an appointment. What if I am rejected, too?
What if I have to disguise myself but in the other way?

For one I have to dress myself as a man with a suit and my hair tied. Even
Edgar made the comment of how he thought I had cut my hair.

"It's a returning vice". If he only knew.

What if I have to go extremely feminine to the appointment, what if he thinks
I am not trans enough? Do I have to paint myself and wear a dress? Do I have to
use that name?

How should I introduce myself in the call?

People say how in job interviews even the handshake is a test itself.

What if that, too, is a test which I'll fail?



### Tuesday, 2015-12-29

"Look at the girl"

"What is it that impedes you?" "I am scared. When I wear these clothes, if they
see me as a man I have an excuse. The more I look how I want, the more it hurts
when they keep seeing this other me."

I woke up early. I dreamed something. I was in a school. I bought food,
I think. I saw Jessica and maybe Eusebio. I was mad at Catherine. I walked
through a hotel room. Was I waiting for her?

Today I had my last session of the year. René knows Magallanes. He's a doctor
from the same university. "Does he treats them or is it just because he's an
endocrinologist?" He appeared on the list. In a couple of weeks I'll have the
answer of the sexologist. Maybe she'll confirm his name, maybe she'll give me
another contact. Maybe I won't hear from her again.

I was angry again with the lack of internet. I didn't receive any answer from
Catherine since yesterday. I put the cell data and in the morning I received
nothing. When my father knew he told me to check for a phone line. I called
TELNOR and a voice message answer telling us to pay the bill. I had no credit
anymore in the cellphone. I was off contact. Luis told him if he could buy us
breakfast. He asked me if I wanted anything. Was it yesterday when they came
with cheese? I asked him for chicken pieces. I wouldn't eat them anyway until
this evening. I had plans with Catherine.

I parked outside René's office. It was free but I walked towards the oxxo
anyway. I payed the cellphone and bought 4 little donuts. I wanted a cup of hot
chocolate but it was watery. The other one was diluted, too. I ended up buying
a bottle of green tea. I ate the pastry there while I chatted with Catherine.
The bottle I finished while I waited in the building. Again I took the flights
of stairs. I was in the fourth floor when I saw the man with his baby. He was
holding him and talking to him. Was him a boy or a girl? I thought he was a boy
but she could well had been a girl. The baby wore yellow clothes and a little
hat. The more young they are, the easier is for them to be anything.

The baby and the man looked at me. I barely smiled and walked towards the
corner. The baby kept looking at my way and the father turned, too. He said his
phrase and moments later took the elevator or entered another office. Why did
I smile? Did I like it?

He wasn't wrong was he? If somebody who knew me were there they might had
corrected him. Maybe they would had kept silent and laugh when he left. If
I would had spoken he might had corrected himself.

Do the rest of people see me that way, too? I was wearing women's jeans with
a t-shirt and a hoodie. The jeans and the shoes were the only feminine think
I was wearing. No, that's not true. The t-shirt and the hoodie were the only
masculine things I was wearing. The coat is men's, too, but it looks feminine.
That's why I bought it. The first time I showed it to somebody was... it was to
Fien. She was with me when I bought it.

We walked in Primark (is that how it was called?), she proposed separating
ourselves so she could look in the women's section and I in the men's. There
wasn't where I bought it. It was in Valladolid. A mall there. I picked it in
one store we passed by. I bought a pair of shoes, too. I chose them because
they looked feminine as well. I saw them thin and simple. I hesitated but ended
up buying both.

I left the big gray coat I took with me and brought home the black one I keep
wearing. I liked how it was long. I like long clothes.

After the session I drove to Catherine's house. There was her aunt and cousin.
Was he his nephew?

I noticed more the accents in her parents. Does she has it, too?

They talked to me. Narrated some stories. I feel awkward and uncomfortable with
the idea of them getting to know me. What will happen when Catherine tells
them? Her mother already knows.

She's like my mother. She knows but ignores it.

How do their relatives see me? Did her aunt saw me as a girl, too? Is it just
old people? Is it just men?

Is it all just in my head?

### Wednesday, 2015-12-30

Almost 15 thousand pictures. For someone who doesn't like them I sure seem to
have a lot.

Tomorrow will be the last day of the year. I have surpassed the last streak.
I forgot their meanings. The first long one was the days I had been taking the
antidepressants. The second one was the number of days I had since I talked to
Monica. Was it? Really? Yeah, it matched. I talked to her because the count had
gone down to 0. Then, in Halloween, before going out with Catherine and Anahí,
we agreed to stop again. Break contact once more. Was it my idea or hers?
I said it. She told me she wasn't ready to be my friend. I proposed it. I asked
it. Did she want us to go back to not talking again?

"OK", she said.

Ok...

Was that the last streak? Are these the number of days? 60 days since that?
Yeah, it seems.

The end of the year. How were we at the start of this year? We talked to each
other. She was here still. She hadn't left yet to Paris. No, we stopped seeing
each other by now. I didn't know it yet, but the last time we saw each other
was before today a year ago.

No, August was the last day we saw each other. We met in Plaza Rio. Catherine
was with me. She stayed in the car. I got my book back and gave her hers. For
a time I wondered what happened to that notebook I gave her.

She kept it, she later would say. Was it true? Does it make a difference?

A week ago I wondered what I would do if she talked to me this Christmas. Would
I answer back? Would I ignore it? I congratulated her on her birthday in
september. We were in silence then. I did. This time I could had done it again.
No. I offered to stop contact. I can't start it. I should let it die. Our
relationship is as dead as Iván.

We're not friends. She doesn't care. I should not miss her.

I glimpsed through the thousands of pictures I have. Not even this last year.
I have ones from 5 years ago. Half a decade. I saw so far away then. Even more.
I was in high school. It's been almost 5 years since I left it. I remember how
it hurt whenever she said those were her worst years. She met me there. We
shared those days. Sure, we spent them arguing and in teenager's drama. It was
hell for me, too. But I have to remind myself about those nightmarish
experiences. To me high school was the time I spent with her.

Jr high was my hell. And I had friends there. I met Zuri, I was known. No, it
still was hell. Medrano doesn't count. I can't even imagine telling him about
me. What would he say? How would he react? He tried to make contact before
I went to Spain.

Manuel and Mario. Mario was one of those friends. Now he is almost a doctor
like Manuel. Manuel is almost half of the size he used to be. We both are
almost non-recognizable. No, that's not true. I had long hair in high school
almost all the way until the end. I exited it with a short hair. Even shorter
than when I entered. I was mistaken as Alan's girlfriend a couple of times.
I was thin like Manuel now. I was sick. Sick with sadness and hopelessness.
I was fooled by denial. I thought hell ended in 4th semester but it was then
when I knew how to deal with it and hide it. Monica helped me drown it.

It wouldn't surface until those bursts of ire and melancholy. I'd keep it under
control for another couple of years.

"This is just beginning", René reminded me.

I have changed so much. Even the start of this year. I had long hair. I was
working in the Mental Hospital. And I look different. I feel so different.

I can't shake those man's words.

"Look at the girl", he told his baby. He referred to me as a woman. Did
I applied make up? Yes, I was going to Catherine's. I was wearing women's
clothes. I said it yesterday, the only masculine things were my shirt and
hoodie. The coat was man's but european.

They are no longer women's clothes.

In my closet there is not a separation between men's and women's clothes. All
of the clothes are mine. They are separated instead with the usual and secret
ones.

A part of myself is a secret itself.

Hidden is intact and protected.

It's not kept hidden because it's forbidden or horrible. I keep it hidden
because it's fragile.

### Thursday, 2015-12-31

I close this year now. Every one that passes by is more difficult for me to
differentiate them. I still think of this year as the one I went and returned
from Spain. That was two years ago. Two years ago I started with all of this.
Two years minus a week I wrote that entry in my journal. The one Catherine gave
to me. The best present I've ever received. A bounded journal made by her.
Pictures of us, the letter of acceptance, maps of where I would live. I filled
it with my thoughts and fears and worries.

Then I saw my life ending. I couldn't see further from my nose. I had no
future. I had no hope. I returned with nothing. I left that problem in Spain.
Last year I was here, too. But that was gone. I was cured. I was normal again.
It was not two years ago. I made it go away. I ignored it again, buried it, hid
it. It wouldn't resurface until months in. I didn't talk to Catherine again,
like before until months into the year. We started going out in spring. This
will be my first Christmas with this secret. I'll start this new year and the
streak will begin once again.

I feel a little pathetic remembering Monica and feeling the doubt of if she
will say something being born in my mind.

I should let it go. Why can't I let it go?

"Do you think they would stop talking to you?", Catherine asked me about my
mates from high school. No, I think they would not. Not Alan nor Diana. Roger
and Omar even less. Monica I would think she would, but I can now know. I'd be
alone. I'd be miserable and hopeless. I told her I would had wanted to know
then. But, really, what would I do differently? I did the best I could. It's
not fair blaming a little boy with the problems of an adult.

I'm not alone anymore. I have friends. I have Catherine and Anahí. My mother
knows and my father is here. He won't disown me. He won't hit me. He might not
understand but he may love me.

I should not fear that. I can do it. I can start this year with confidence and
hope. I should, I must.

I dreamed about a high school. It wasn't ours. It was in another country. Was
it South America? I think of the letters CNDH. "Like the Human Rights?"
Catherine would ask when I told her. Yes, but it was a high school. We walked
to school. There were some streets. I was with her. Why were my parents there
with us? I remember seeing Luis but he was smaller. He was a little boy.

Yesterday I saw some of my earlier pictures. 2010 I think were the earliest.
I had some of Monica. 2007. Was she fourteen? She was in Austin with her dad.
I deleted most of them. Why didn't I erased all of them? Why would I want to
keep them? I plan to delete most of them. I'll keep only the best ones. No, not
the best. I won't delete them just because I don't like them. I would not keep
any of them. I'll delete the most memorable ones or important ones. I got to
the christmas party of high school that might be the reason of my dream.
Pictures of that time, photos of Luis being a little kid. He was a four year
old boy sitting in my legs in my 15th birthday. In a week I'll turn 23.

It seems surreal. Where did that time went to? I will never get it back.
I spent them in those memories I despise. I spent 8 years in hell. Wast it 10?
15?

When did I stop living?

Did I even start?

I will start. I have started.

My life starts just when I began to really live it. It is my choice. It is my
responsibility. I will do what I can do. Nothing stops me from keeping looking
for a job. Go door to door and offer myself. I have their contacts, nothing
stops me from grabbing the phone and making a call. Even if Magallanes can't
help me, I might receive the message from the sexologist. I can ask her for
help. I can offer a volunteering job with her patients. I can go to COCUT.
I can ask for help or offer mine. I have the other names of the doctors in
Ensenada. Nothing stops me from telling Luis and my dad. Their reactions is not
on my control. I can't do anything to change those. Just I can let them hurt
me.

Nothing can stops me now. I won't let anything stop me anymore.


