# 2015 — 22 years old

## August, 2015

### Tuesday, August 18th, 2015

I'm not sure if this should be written in my native language or in English. The
first sentence is there. The words are like little insects who run away after
turning the lights looking for them. I guess this would let me practice my
English. I haven't used it for more than a phrase since being out of the
country. And now, like shooting stars in the barely-moon-lighted night sky come
flying to my consciousness.

I don't know if I can keep up with this. I don't get how I can talk for an
entire hour every week in the couch of my analyst. How would that be? Being
paid for having a glimpse of my mind: my feelings, memories, regrets, pains.
I should know, that's for what I am studying for.

The music is playing from my earphones. The familiar whisper of an Irish
musician. I remember—barely—the last times that I came to this website.
I listened to this same kind of music and let my mind wander through the
thoughts of that same girl. The idea that I'd not love her forever would have
been unimaginable. And yet, I don't. I hope I don't. It would all be better if
I didn't.

But I do.

I'm with another person. I should be happier. If it would all depend on her
alone, I would be. She's kinder, happier, more comprehensible and caring. The
only thing she is not is her.

But that's not the reason. I am also not the same person. I am not the same man
loved by one and befriended by the other. It's been more than year since our
relationship ended for the first time, and almost one since the last time we
definitely broke up. It's barely more than a week since our relationship
evaporated completely.

And she's been here with me. Since the very beginning. Even when I left and did
not came back, she stayed.

I don't deserve her. I didn't even appreciated it until recently. I don't
deserve a lot of things. Maybe I do deserve some others.

It would be a lie to say I don't think this is some kind of punishment. René
said that I know now that it is something that always has been, as if that were
some kind of consolation or a reason to feel better. That it's something I've
carried all of my childhood and youth was the reason I stayed hidden in the
darkness of my room, covered by the sheets and crying my soul out.

He didn't think that giving medication would be the way to treat my sorrows. He
had wanted to try something else, something that I could control. I guess that
didn't work.

Thursday he offered the pills after I declined going to a support group. I did
the relevant courses; I have the professional background. I, more than anyone,
should be familiar with the notion that psychiatric medication is not the
devil. That antidepressants are not a sign of weakness and their secondary
effects are not lethal.

Yet, I declined again.

"That's not the medication I want", I said.

And, they're not. They really aren't.

I never would have imagined I'd said it. Not yet. I also said that I wasn't
ready. I'm not; I know now.

He said it. I'm not like them. That's why I don't want to go to a support
group. I don't want to be part of a whining club of transgender girls. I don't
want to be the reference when a second-class sexologist who doesn't know the
right distinction between sex and gender talks about their trans girls
patients.

I don't want to be a transgender girl. I don't want to be transgender.

I am not a girl. I am not a boy, either. I don't know what I am.

Why would I want hormones if I'm not transgender? Why would I despise and hate
the image of the mirror if I'm not a girl? Why would I prefer dying over
staying in this body if I'm not broken?

I do know what I am. I am broken. I am weak and small and needy. I am hurt and
in pain. I am lost, confused, desperate.

I am a boy. I am a girl. I am transgender. I am depressed and suicidal. I am in
need of help.

I should take the pills. Take the helping hand, the offered crying shoulder.
Dysphoria is hard and heavy and I have the weight of depression on my
shoulders, too. I don't know where one ends and the other begins.

What if the medication doesn't work? What if I ruin that, too?

What if I can't be helped?

### Wednesday, August 19th, 2015

Another night, another sleepless night on which I have to hide from my
nightmares and my pain.

I read the words that just came from my fingers and I can't help but cringe.
They sound like the stuff I wrote during high school. I feel just like I felt
when I was there. I missed Monica, too. I hate her now. Or, I wish I'd hate
her. I don't want to need her, to love her. If I hate her I can forget about
her and move one. She can't hurt me if I'm immune to her words and her actions,
or the lack of them.

It sounds as if my problems were nothing more than the loss of my fucking high
school sweet-heart.

I went out today. This evening should have been like the many before it. Sunk
in the blues and rose from the deep with the help of alcohol and sex. It didn't
work this time. Both were good, as good as other times, maybe even better, but
it was all the same. The thoughts came falling down like missiles from
airplanes, crashing to the ground of my mind and exploding, destroying
everything in their reach.

Who would miss me if I die?

I fucking hate knowing what I now know? What's the use of knowing the signs if
I can't do anything about them? What's the point of knowing that it's the same
intrusive thoughts I had when I was deep in depression? What do I care if they
are not based on reason? They are real to me. I can't judge an emotional
thought on reason alone. I don't know if it can be done. I just know I'm not
capable. It wouldn't be the first thing I'm not able to do.

I do know one thing I didn't know back then. I can pinpoint the cause of them,
the cause of it.

This should have been the point where I started writing about that cause, but
I can't. I don't want to.

I'd prefer writing about a little boy. A young, innocent child playing with
a ball. A red ball with a big star on it's side, bouncing on the grass with the
child running behind it, his laughter echoing. Without a single worry in the
world, having fun, being happy.

Have I had a single moment like that during my childhood? What's the point of
asking that question? Maybe I did—of course I did—but I can't remember them.
All of my childhood memories are nothing but signs of why I am broken.

The ball bounced too high. The glare of the sun blinds the kid when he looks
up. Where did the ball go? His big and shinny eyes scan the horizon. His smile
reaches the end of it's lifetime to never be seen again.

What's a ball but an insignificant toy? It should be replaceable. Yet, it's
not. It doesn't matter how many more toys they give him to replace it. It will
never be the same. He could have as many balls as money can buy, but they won't
be that ball. What was its color again? Did it have a star or was it a moon?
It's not a ball anymore, it's a memory.

And memories can be fake.

When the boy reaches young adulthood and goes to therapy and starts vomiting
his thoughts, memories, dreams and fears, he will talk about that memory, his
favorite ball. Maybe then will he realize that there was never a ball in the
first place. He never lost it, he never had it.

What's the ball? It's not a toy, it's not a memory. Is it a dream? Is it the
symbol of an unconscious desire, wanted but lost? Or is it just an allegory
inside a fucking story told by a depressed and insomniac person?

I can't even tell a fucking happy story anymore.

I lost count of how many times I cried today. I asked about the point of
talking to Monica several times before. In that same way I doubt the point of
wearing those clothes again. Why bother when they're nothing more than
a disguise? They are a mask that doesn't cover my identity. I used to feel
better wearing them. It felt correct.

Now it hurts more when people still see me. But they don't see me, do they?
They see the old mask.

The thing is that they don't see me even when I show it.

### Thursday, August 20th, 2015

"Don't you get tired of watching the same thing all the time?"

"Don't you get tired of being in a bad mood all the time?"

If she could only knew. _Yes_, I wanted to say; to scream. _That's why I'll be
taking medication for it soon._

I didn't.

There are a lot of things I want to say or do that I don't.

What would she think? What will everyone think?

It's not something far far away. At the same time, it could be another thing
that never happens.

René have said things before like that. It's not been the first time he has
mentioned medication, psycho-pharmaceutics. The time before, he discarded the
idea. _We should try something first of which I have control._

Does he think I'm not able? I'm a failure or incapable.

No, that's a myth regarding medication that I should have thrown out since the
firsts semesters. I can't help but feel that way.

How ironic, the mere idea of taking antidepressants makes me depressed.

_That's not the medication I want._

Is it cheating if I keep writing the same words over and over from every day?

A lot of times it has happened that exact thing. I am an expert of losing the
streak; initiating something and leaving it behind and forgetting it.

What have I not started... If I continued everything that I started I would be,
by now, a musician, an athlete, a polyglot, someone with knowledge of
electronics and programming.

There are things, though, that I have finished. I did went away. I lived, and
studied, in Europe. I'm finishing my degree.

_It was the best of times, it was the worst of times._

I have been my saddest and my happiest on the last few years. On my time in
Spain. I was the loneliest and fullest of people. Can you call the people near
you _friends_ if they don't really know you?

Today Catherine and I found the information of a Master degree in Vienna.

Yesterday I received an instant message from Consuela.

This morning after showering and shaving I opened the conversation in my phone
with Johanna and started typing a _Hello_, but stopped and deleted it.1

"Have you talked with the other flatmates?" Consuela asked.

I haven't. The idea hadn't even crossed my mind.

Should I feel guilty? They were like my family. I said it myself. Had I lied?
Or am I betraying my own word?

She asked, too, if I have finished my degree. Almost everyone from the people
I met have finished theirs. Brazilians, Puerto Ricans, Italians... the
Spaniards. Even the other Mexican from my class. Eusebio, Jessica. The other
people who went abroad, too... Almost everyone but us.

We did lose a semester, and everyone who knows tells us the exact same thing.
_But it was worth it, wasn't it?_

And it was, I don't say it's not. But, I don't know...

I missed them, I miss Salamanca. I miss my bed and my room and mi view. I miss
missing the people in here, and this house, and this city.

When I saw the Austrian master, everything was perfect. It couldn't be better
except if it were free and asking for Mexican psychologists.

It's a multinational, multidisciplinary master program which asks of no
professional or research related experience.

Cognitive sciences in universities from Central Europe. Fewer than 800 euros
the year. Even less expensive than the ones in Spain. 24 months.

That's when I stopped smiling and the dream evaporated to take me back to
reality. I'm not normal. I'm not "me".

Taking the master would imply taking 24 months of being like this.

Even when chatting about it with Catherine. It all stays. I try to ignore it.
Stay in the fantasy, dream, avoid waking up and just keep talking about our
time there, and the scholarships and our flat and experiences and everything.

"What would happen if only one of us were accepted?"

I avoid the question.

_Shut up, don't bring me down to our shitty reality, don't take this away from
me. Just close your eyes and stay here, there._

Madrid, Granada, Vienna, Buenos Aires. Yeah, it's easier getting a master
there. Sure, it's more expensive than the ones from here, but they're also in
Spain, Austria, Argentina...

René once asked me why I wanted to go away.

Why, indeed? From what am I trying to escape?

The last time I went away my problems accompanied me.

Sure, they hid from me for a while. But I came back, and they came back with
me.

That _me_ has been with me this whole time.

That _me_ is something antidepressants don't cure.

### Friday, August 21st, 2015

I went to therapy yesterday. I asked for the medication. It's something that
I should take, a help I need.

I am scared. What if they don't work? Or if the secondary effects are worst
than the main one? What if after the pain inside me is gone, nothing is left?

He said they maybe could help make me see things clearly.

Am I confused?

I had a dream today. Something with vampires, maybe. I was part of the people
who were unaffected. We were escaping. Maybe we were working for a cure.
I remember feeling afraid, persecuted. Looking in a room where there was a bed.
My brother was inside and a stranger with him. He was asking my brother some
questions. I don't know if he answered them nor what they were about. I just
remember seeing the gun and wanting to scream. For some reason, I could go back
in time; do something so the events wouldn't unfold that way, maybe warn him.
I did and it didn't happen. But I stayed paranoid. I took a gun for myself and
kept it with me all the time. I already felt threatened with the vampires and
now I had to be questioning the humans too. I remember the fear, it was like
a part of myself. The gun became another limb of my body. A killing limb.

I woke up. It was the first time all week I felt rested.

What if I don't really need the medication and it all goes away? Maybe I should
just wait.

But on the other hand, what if in the wait I end up killing myself?

Is it really an option? Doing it? Would I be capable or is just an empty threat
I ended up believing it myself?

What if all of this is something I made up and just don't remember?

"Now you know it's something that has always been with you", René said.

Today we saw Eusebio and Jessica.

I wore the pants. Catherine's pair pants. The last pair of underwear. All week
I have worn only women's.

After the shower I put on the clothes and shaved.

Yesterday happened something similar. I put on the clothes but the shirt and
stepped in front of the mirror to shave. I had the gray bra on, and looked at
the reflection of myself wearing it.

It still feels weird, awkward. As if it doesn't fit.

I had to put on the shirt, but then I wet it with the shaving soap so I had to
take it off. It was a cycle with no end. I don't remember what was it that
I ended up doing, but I shaved.

Today, I just put a gray undershirt over the white bra. It still showed, but it
was bearable.

What was not bearable was the frustration of dealing with my facial hair. No
matter how many times I pass there still remains hair. Be them small ones or
really small ones, there still shows something. It doesn't matter if I take my
time and do it really really careful, or if I make more passes over the same
place there still shows the sign of what used to be there.

"And after I shave and look at myself, several hours after, there still is
a shadow no matter how close I go or how many times I cut myself. I get filled
with rage and impotence and I just want to claw at my own face and take all the
skin off"

I still get nicks and cuts. I don't want to see anything. I want it gone.

After seeing them, and eating in that usual place, we went to _Intro to
Thanatology._

We got paired up and asked to do some role-playing.

We prepared ourselves with a relaxation exercise. Zayra gave us some little
notes with the role we should play. I was the therapist first.

I did active listening, asked questions and made interventions. I did well.
Andrea told me about the changes she's been through, her losses. Her grandma,
her boyfriend, her phone. I listened and empathized.

It was my turn and I opened the paper. It said I just broke up with a several
years relationship who wasn't just my partner but my bestfriend and the plans
of our future were gone. I knew I wasn't feeling well with the rupture.

I talked about Monica. I surprised myself. I told her, I confided in her. And
I felt sad. And I felt really angry.

It turned out Zayra had used our own situations, but exchanged authors.

We should experience what was having someone with a problem similar to what we
are going through.

I didn't notice.

Her paper said:

_You are going with several changes in your life, and you can't bear them. You
don't know what to do. You are lost. Your future is vague and uncertain and you
feel that something inside you is broken._

### Saturday, August 22nd, 2015

There has been several years since the last time I brought my laptop to
Mexicali. The first times I always would. It was a novelty; I had to make use
of the portability of my main computer.

Then I started to notice how I would keep bringing it but never use it.
I started to wonder why should I carry the extra weight. So I stopped.

Yesterday, I didn't know if I wanted to come. The last two times my family
came, they didn't bring me with them. Last time, because they asked me to take
Miguel to a party. Now, I had a reason to stay. I could have stayed with
Catherine, kept working on our research, been alone in her house while her
mother were in class.

I don't know what was it that made me want to come.

I had missed coming from the United States. I can't really identify what
exactly is it that I romanticize. The convenience store with a subway in it,
the one next to a gas station in the middle of nowhere. The road, maybe?

We arrived. It is the birthday of my uncle. Everyone said _hi_ to him and
hugged him. I didn't. I just passed by.

There were a lot of people already. More and more faces. Everyone smiling.
Saying _hi_ and waving. They were expecting me to get close to them and kiss
them on the cheek; to smile and be happy.

I tried. I really tried the first times. But I failed, like everything I do,
apparently.

I got close, I said _hi_ and gave the kisses. I smiled the first times. By the
time I got in the house I just waved. When I arrived to the dinning room,
I just smiled and went straight to the bathroom.

I sat on the toilet and took out my cellphone. It was like those times in
Spain. Whenever I felt bad I would bring out my phone and type in there. The
first months were messages to _Chris_, to Catherine. Then they were notes to
her; things I could send her later—I don't really know if they were really for
her or for me.

It was Yesterday, I think, when she told me that she went through her own
notes. She read them and went through the memories. Some happy, some sad. Some
stated the time—the timezone of Tijuana and another one of Salamanca.

And then she arrived to one, a special one. In it, she went on narrating her
day, how she felt, her therapy; what her day was. All of it as if she were
talking to me. When I knew of this, I got a strange feeling in my stomach and
a familiar one of sadness.

In this restroom in Mexicali, I typed in my phone how it had been a mistake and
I should had stayed.

I cried a little and then went out. I just sat in a corner, within myself just
looking around, hearing, and feeling the storm inside of me.

On the way here I remembered about yesterday. What I talked with Andrea. How
I feel about Monica. That text on the paper.

I'm not going through the breakup in a functional way. I feel anger, almost
rage. I feel hate.

I'm not sure if I hate her or me. Was it her fault or mine?

Who the fuck cares?

We talked a little about it.

_Maybe it's that you should have felt it a lot sooner? And that's why you think
it's not 'right'?_

But that's not it. I don't mind the breakup, I don't care that much about
losing her as my girlfriend. I hate her because I lost her as a friend.

A lot of times she has asked me if I love her. If I miss her.

I don't love her.

Do I miss her?

Months ago, I did. A lot. But now?

Sometimes I open the phone or the laptop and expect her texts. I wait for them.
Sometimes I do look for news about her. I want her to contact me. I wait for
her, so whenever she does I could avoid her.

I want to know that _she_ misses me. I want her to need me, so I can deny her.
I want to make her feel the way she made me feel.

I hated whenever I made her cry. I still remember the nights she cried because
of me, I feel them like scars on my body. Like tattoos that make me a monster.

I forget the times she made me cry. They're the times I was weak.

And now that I am weak, I want her to feel weak, too, and I want to be the
monster.

Monsters aren't weak; they are scary not afraid. They are evil and harmful, not
the ones being hurt.

### Sunday, August 23rd, 2015

I just woke up and I don't want to. I want to go back.

I'd prefer haven't needed to get up; just stay with my eyes closed and my mind
lost.

I'm tired. My body aches, my soul hurts.

We came home really early, by 9h we were already out of the house and in our
way. Jack in the box was the restaurant where we had breakfast. I wanted this,
I wanted to be home early. Not losing my weekend.

Except I lost it anyway.

I didn't make anything of the things I had to do. Sunday was lost. Even
yesterday, too. My whole weekend.

Even trying to find words to type is something unachievable. Every little thing
in me is out of energy.

I see the little counter down in the screen, going up one by one. Slowly,
really slowly. And it still feels like it's faster than me.

Sometimes I have the sensation of my thoughts shooting so fast inside my head.
Like speed trains in a station coming and going without stopping for
passengers. No one knows which one goes where; from where they're coming nor
where they're going. You can't even count them.

But now they are dragging. The station is empty. Not a single one is seen. And
there it comes; you can see one coming far away, barely catching form.

I don't know what do I expect. What is it that I want. I feel as if I were
typing the same thing over and over. The same word again and again. Repeating
my self. Every same train, going in circles, entering and exiting.

_Am I broken?_

Not even half of the text is done and I want to give up. I want to forget about
this, stop again like I did years ago. Stop everything, give up on everything.
Not just the text, but eating, sleeping, going out. Just stop living.

Do dead people get hurt?

I miss her. I hate her, but I miss her, too.

I was so afraid of losing one of my friends. One of them, and that's what
happened. Was it something I did? Do I actually hate myself, blame myself? Was
it all my fault?

Does she feels the same? Does she misses me? Am I one the things she remembers?
Am I something to be missed or a regret?

Am I pathetic?

The same fucking thing over and over. Someone should take my tongue away.
I feel anger whenever I don't feel sadness.

I know why I feel sadness. Towards what do I feel anger? To whom is directed?

Is the anger poisoning me? I want to scream but I don't have a fucking thing to
say. Nor someone who could listen.

Sometimes I feel like the loneliest person in the world. Sometimes, like
yesterday, the sight of other people makes me sick.

I saw a picture of her. Standing against the back of her nephew, saying how big
_Mr monkey_ was getting. Her smile was showing. That same smile.

I read these words and I feel nauseous. Why do I have to write of her like
a teenager? It's not love I feel, I'm not infatuated with her stupid smile. Is
a stupid, common smile. It does not have anything special. A pair of lips and
some teeth thrown inside. Her hair, her face. She's not beautiful, she's not
special. She was just my first.

I don't want to fuck her. I don't miss her naked body or her hands on my body.
I don't really miss the nights in my car sharing the darkness and listening to
the radio. It's not like I miss the intimacy and the feeling of freedom of
expression I had when I was with her.

It's been more than two weeks, and I don't get why I keep counting the days.

I feel like and addict keeping track. But what do I win? What happens when
I get to a month? What do I win reaching 100 days?

How many more nights before I really forget her? How many for me to forgive
her? How many more until I can stop needing her?

I showed myself and she's gone. Is she gone or did I send her away?

No, it's not my fault. I can let this become the same thing again. I won't
blame myself for her mistakes. She was not this perfect angel.

I'm not, nor haven't I been, the devil. Even if I feel like I'm burning inside.

### Monday, August 24th, 2015

It was during Christmas or around that time. One of those days of the season.
I was in Mexicali, in the house of my aunt and uncle. Nobody was outside
anymore. The pool wasn't finished yet, I think. Everyone was inside waiting for
midnight or watching a movie. I'm not sure if we were already talking or if the
call took me by surprise. It was her. That, I knew before I answered. Her voice
was an expected pleasure. I can't remember how many days or weeks were since
the last time we've seen each other. She wanted to talk, I took the call
outside.

She told me how she went to the United States. Barnes & Nobles was one of the
places her parents took her. She had seen the perfect gift. She narrated it, as
if it were something magical. How she saw it, how it was perfect. A little
notebook, like the ones I love. She looked at it, held it in her arms. There
was a drawing of the world in the cover, like an antique map. I had to have it.
She had to buy. Except she didn't. Whether it was expensive or her parents said
no, I don't remember. It was the perfect Christmas and farewell gift. Or it
would have been.

I did receive a journal, but it didn't have a world in the cover and it wasn't
from her. It was indeed the perfect gift for me,  the perfect farewell.

I never forgot about that call, that journal. Why didn't she buy it? Was that
the reason?

I went to Spain and came back. We broke up and made up and broke up again.
A lot changed. But that journal stayed the same in my memory as when I found it
in that store.

She was going to France. Christmas was coming up. Maybe it could be the perfect
gift for someone, so I bought it. _I always give the perfect gifts_, sometimes
she would say. I just had to give it to her when we met. I'd give it to her as
soon as I saw her. She could open it later. She had to have it with her in
France, no matter what.

Except we didn't meet. We had plans, but they died. We made other ones and they
died, too. Not a single plan of meeting survived.

She had promised she wouldn't leave without us seeing each other. She would not
leave without saying goodbye. It was another promise she didn't keep.

She left. But the journal stayed; wrapped with a little note inside. For months
it stayed with me, hidden, waiting to be either given or thrown out.

She went and came back. The days, the weeks kept passing by.

We finally saw each other one Friday. I had enough. I was angry. Parts of that
anger are within me still, flowing in my veins like a poison that hasn't died
nor killed.

We exchanged some fake smiles, artificial hugs, a book, the journal and 15
minutes. She went again. Those were the last words we said to each other.

Just today I thought again of breaking the silence. Crossing the ocean between
us. Maybe I've been unfair. Perhaps she's right, and I'm the one isolating,
keeping her apart.

I finished taking my clothes off and went to the computer and saw that map,
that drawing of the world on the cover of that same familiar notebook.

A doubt blazed through my mind burning. Its edges poisoned with that sweet hate
and anger.

I wasn't sure. I hadn't open the wrap in months. But there it was that world,
just as I remembered.

A birthday gift. _The perfect gift_, Mallinalli, her friend, wrote in
a Facebook status.

I read both comments, the one written by her and the one from Monica. She loved
her and wished her the best. She would always love her so much.

And the world burned. And my mind screamed.

She wouldn't do that. It had to be another, a different one.

I still can't fully believe it. Three notebooks, three different gifts. The one
she didn't buy, the one I bought but didn't give, and the one she bought and
gave. They can't be the same.

I am the monster, not her. I am the devil. Her angel who fell. She wouldn't be
capable.

I'd prefer that she had thrown it out like she had discarded me.

But that's a lie. A part of me wishes that she did. I want those three
notebooks to be the same so I can still hate her; so I'd have a reason to feel
this anger; so she's now the devil and I can stop being the crying monster.

### Tuesday, August 25th, 2015

"And you, do _you_ have your dresses, yet?"

She looked at Eusebio and me, smiling. It's funny because you wouldn't expect
seeing me in the party wearing one. It's funny because I am a man; men don't
wear dresses.

It wasn't funny. I didn't laugh.

Catherine and I were in the car yesterday after returning from the cinema-cafe;
the same university parking lot where we opened up.

No, we have talked in both of them.

Catherine said to me, while looking at the roof of the car, how she had thought
about taking a second dress in her bag.

"Maybe you'd want to wear it after the party, when we've came back to the
hotel. Just the two of us."

"I'd want to, or you'd want to?"

She didn't know.

She did imagine us that way. Before, from way before.

She doesn't imagine me in a suit. I didn't remember how I looked.

I remember how I felt. I remember her crying, going away and me staying. A lot
of times we would walk away of everything and everyone, but expecting the other
to follow. She did follow me. I remember her sitting and being with me.

I did a lot of remembering today. Maybe it's because of the situation. Seeing
that generation, our original class.

One day when we were leaving the school, driving down the boulevard,
Catherine's car was right behind and the memory of the hospital came back to
me. I was driving when the phone rang. The tears were clouding my view. The
lights were red. I picked up the phone and saw her picture and name. I was
angry but not with her. I was sad but not because of her. I still threw to
phone to the back seat and kept driving. I looked at her in the rear-view
mirror the same way I looked at her today when she was waving to the car behind
both of us, the car where Eusebio and Jessica were.

Why was I crying? The memory was of that day in the mental hospital I had to
walk to the parking lot. I had a knot in my throat, water in my eyes, and
a voice screaming in my head. I can't remember the date. It was after a lot and
before a lot. Everything was coming back and I felt lost again. Was I angry
with me?

In two days it's Eusebio's and Jessica's graduation. A day later will be their
party. I feel anxious.

In two days I might get my _anti-suicide_ pills. If they are for me not to get
depressed and wish to die, wouldn't they be _life-pills_?

Yesterday we saw a movie about memories. Loneliness was the protagonist.
I cried. I've seen it several times—the first and last I've cried. This was my
last and it was her first.

The movie starts with a voiced letter addressed to Chris. The depressive and
judgmental ex-wife is called Catherine. Samantha is the name of the OS.
Theodore is the avatar of myself.

We saw it in the same place we saw another of my favorite movies, _Mr Nobody_.

I'm mistaken, it was not. It was before the cinema changed locations. Eusebio
met us there that day.

Do I cry with that movie, too?

There hasn't been a day without me writing and entry. This may be the first
time I got distracted. Maybe it's the first step of procrastination. This may
help me later. These could be entries of a journal. More days to pass to the
physical notebooks.

I haven't filled the last weeks in my calendar. I should ask Catherine for
hers.

As much as I get uncomfortable sometimes—like today when she arrived and walk
to my back and whispered _Sofi_ in my ear before hugging me; even though I like
it, I don't—I like reading my name in her book.

Reading how she _picked her up_ at noon and remembering her waiting outside my
house in her car, and welcoming me with a smile as I open the door and sit.
It's me who she talks about. It's my name written in her book, and engraved in
her key. It's my body and face in our pictures. But it's that same person the
owner of the name? Are all of us the same? The one in the pictures, is that the
same person everyone sees when they see us together? If they're not the same,
which of them am I? Which is the real one? And is the other one not real? Then
what is it? She? He?

Yesterday I saw my mother doing the dishes and felt this _need_ of hugging her,
in silence. Let the silence share with her my pain and my secret.

Would she listen? Would she understand?

No.

### Wednesday, August 26th, 2015

I woke up today with the same weird sensations that started when everything
fell to ruins. That same strange feeling; not really a dream, but not something
grounded to reality, that I had a couple days ago.

I couldn't describe it to Catherine. I was—am—embarrassed.

A feeling of desire, a wishful longing but for what? It didn't have words; it
didn't had images. It was just, femininity, maybe? Just, seeing myself, or
knowing, expecting something ordinary. Longing for a routine I don't keep. Or
one I do, but it's not normal.

When I told her she asked me, _what images_, _dressing myself how? with what?_

I couldn't answer. I can't. I just wanted it.

I Knew I had to wake up, get out of bed, pick my clothes, shave, get dressed,
and go to school. Something I do everyday, but not in that same way.

I told her of taking both pieces of female underwear and clothes with me to the
bathroom. Putting on a dress after drying myself.

It wasn't exactly that, but it was the best example I could think of; something
that would be easy to understand.

I do shower everyday, I do wear two pieces of female underwear almost daily
now.

Somehow it was different. Then, it was something normal, expected. It wasn't
hidden or something I didn't want it to be.

There was that, too. Even then, I totally comprehended that it wasn't something
that other people would see as normal. I just didn't care. Maybe people would
stare or ask questions. But it wasn't an issue. My want was more important. It
was something immense, powerful. It filled me and embraced me.

And then I woke up, and of course I didn't wear a dress or a skirt or anything
obvious. Maybe there was still the same want that has always been. It wasn't as
imposing or big. It was just there; hidden, itching, and hurting, but in
silence.

I said—thought—a week before. The reason I wouldn't want to wear those clothes
anymore. There's no point in the action. What's the purpose of disguising
myself if everyone still recognizes me?

Or the inverse, why should I show myself if everyone just sees me as the mask
of a disguise.

No one sees a difference. They see _this me_ painted as _that one_. A mixture
of colors that clashes in chaos.

I'd prefer to abhor the feeling of looking as man than the hurt of still
looking like a man but in the wrong clothes.

I'm familiar with that kind of pain. I'm used to it.

No, that's a lie. I know of it, and it is less. But I can't take it anymore.

Anyway, that's the conclusion I arrived at then.

Until today, after that same nightly sensation that woke me up full of it.
I was going to wear the light skinny jeans. I was going to use one of Miguel's
shirts.

That sensation wasn't the thing that woke me up. Mum and Luis were.

That's why I can't keep my eyes open. I got up before 8h just after they left.

As the dream, I took the clothes out of the drawers and closet: underpants,
bra, undershirt, leggings, and shirt.

I didn't care of both kinds of pain. I wanted to wear them.

Catherine would come to pick me up at noon and take me to the Moroccan café. _I
could be me_ was a thought that stayed from the night.

And I wore the outfit and left the house dressed like that.

Again I shaved as close as I could without being enough.

Again I looked away from my own reflection as I escape from strangers' glare.

Why did I do it? I was doubtful; she liked it, I liked it. Did I look alright?
What thoughts crossed the strangers' minds as I passed by? Did they notice me?
What do I prefer?

I would have to change clothes. I knew it since the beginning. I was not going
to class like that.

I told her how Psycholinguistics is the class in which it's more possible for
me to go dressed like that. Not today, not soon.

I read the words I've written and I can't put a voice to them. They're mute.
They have no meaning.

It's the same narrative of every day.

I thought about my session tomorrow with René. I told him once how I would
imagine what would happen if I didn't say a word and just spent all my hour
crying. And I saw myself, with my face drowned in tears. Today, I imagined my
session again like that, except that instead of crying I would only scream.

### Thursday, August 27th, 2015

Half a pill daily for the next three days. After that I can take the whole pill
once every morning.

The towels weren't dry yesterday when I was going to put my pants in the drying
machine. I switched them when I got out of bed late at night because I couldn't
fell asleep.

6 hours, maybe, was the time I slept. I had an alarm at 7h and another at 8h.
The meeting with René was going to be at 10h. I wanted to shave, and do it
well.

They woke me up again; their screams did. It's like every morning Mum and Luis
have to be just loud enough for me to wake up.

No, not today. Today I woke up before that. It was earlier, and I turned off
the first alarm. When the second played, I turned it off, too, and blinked.
When I opened my eyes, ten minutes had passed.

Last night Catherine asked me to wake her up. I forgot.

Again I was disappointed with how I ended after shaving. It pains me, literally
and figuratively, doing it everyday, but it's worse to not do it.

I want to scratch the whole skin off.

I put on the clothes I selected yesterday and tied my hair up.

René arrived after me. I thought he had forgotten the pills, but he didn't.
I don't really remember what I said to him. Maybe something about tonight and
tomorrow. Maybe about March and _my_ graduation.

I'll take half a pill for a couple of days, and the whole pill daily after. He
gave me like six boxes of them in a plastic bag.

I met Catherine at the children's hospital. We waited an hour maybe for the
class. A couple of our classmates were arriving later, one by one.

Gabriela, one of our, now, current generation, asked us something about or
social services. We started telling her about our time at the mental hospital.
After that we talked about or time abroad. There were several of them around
us, listening to what we were saying and asking questions. They were listening
to what _I_ was saying; I was the one who talked the most.

Do I like to talk to the people? I like telling this. Narrating those days from
start to finish.

When someone starts telling something I experienced as well, I worry that they
will ruin it. It won't be the same. Maybe they'll miss something important or
they won't say that thing first that makes the later thing sound more
impressing.

Maybe I do like being the center of the conversation. Just as I told her
before, I liked being noticed.

Maybe that's the part of me that hopes, even if it scares me, that someone will
notice and ask. Whether Eusebio or Jessica feel the band of my bra when they
hug me, or my parents seeing the pair of leggings that were now on my bed after
I took them out of the drying machine.

We drank tea and ate, I burritos and she a chicken salad.

We waited looking for Spanish recipes until we could enter and observe the
neuropsychological consultation.

After that, we went to the university. It was good time. We ended up picking
good seats. We are not part of this graduating class. Their godparents are not
our own. Their speech does not refers to us. We're not with them even though we
are.

Why should I go to the graduation? We won't even be seated together. I'll have
to walk when they call up _that_ name and pick up a paper that means nothing to
me. I'll have to be in pictures I won't ever want to look.

Tomorrow it's the graduation party, _their_ party. The one that should have
been our own. We'll be guests and I'll be in a suit the whole night.

No, not the whole night. Catherine told me later, when we went to her car, why
she really offered me her dress.

It wasn't because I'd maybe want it. It was because she does.

She wants, even for while and it being just us, to look at me, at us, and
experience the moment how she imagined it; how she thinks of us.

I told René it's not really something I want. But maybe it is.

### Friday, August 28th, 2015

I don't think I can make it today. Today is already tomorrow. I'll be out until
saturday. I don't know how I'll feel.

### Saturday, August 29th, 2015

Yesterday was their graduation.

I don't have the energy to write about the whole thing. A lot of things
happened, so that's not the reason. It's that I don't want to.

I know I wrote yesterday before going to bed. The next morning after sleeping
just a couple of hours, I woke up and showered and shaved.

Part of me liked the idea of being in a hotel after the party dressed as we
both imagined should have been.

I was going to write how I took the pill. It wasn't after showering. It was the
first thing I did. I cut it in half and swallowed the small white portion.

All morning until it was time to leave I felt the same. _Maybe there wouldn't
be any side effects._

Catherine messaged me that her mom hadn't returned. I offered to pick her up.
It was early and the class wouldn't start until 13h.

The effects didn't kick in until we were driving to school. I gripped the wheel
and felt a sudden flash of rage. I was speeding. My eyes narrowed. I was maybe
going 110 km/h when she screamed my name.

I slowed down. I don't remember what was it that happened next. Probably
I drove slower than normal. She turned down the volume of the radio and asked
me what was going on. I just shook my head.

I started getting agitations and headaches for the rest of the day.

I didn't volunteered for the role-play during the Thanatology class. I just
criticized, like I always do.

Everything went to shit.

The class ended and we drove back. The hotel was expensive so we went to the
purple one by her house.

She asked for the room and prices. It was more expensive than what we thought
the other one would be, but it was reasonable.

We climbed the three flights of stairs to our room hidden in the dark end
corner of the corridor. It was smaller than our usual ones, but it was ours for
the whole night.

We put down our stuff and lay down on the bed.

We started changing and putting on our clothes. At first I felt normal, it
wasn't that I liked it, but it was nothing. I looked at myself in the suit and
could see that I looked _somewhat good_.

The tie we didn't like so I left it. The coat didn't close right so I left it
open. Maybe even from the beginning, I saw it didn't fit.

Catherine would drive my car so I could drink carelessly. After that morning,
I didn't want to be in front of the wheel.

My head continued throbbing and my arm sometimes trembled.

My car started failing halfway.

At first I just told her not to accelerate. Later, that wasn't enough. I took
over the driving seat. By the time we were near the 5 & 10 street, I called
home to ask my dad if we could exchange cars.

We passed the venue and went straight to my house. I almost got lost on our way
back.

I started to feel that same anger and frustration as in the morning, but we
arrived soon enough.

We saw Jessica, then Paola and finally Eusebio. They took pictures. I smiled
for them even though I wasn't feel well. It was hard, and painful.

Eusebio looked good, his suit did fit. He was happy, Jessica as well.

The food had cheese in it. The drinks did more harm than good.

They went to dance and we stayed. She stayed with me. She was the one who
answered when people asked us if we didn't dance, or why we were not there.

She had told me we could go if I didn't feel well.

When Eusebio came to tell us to stand up and go, I couldn't take it anymore. We
left without saying good-bye.

I felt guilty but I didn't want to give excuses or feel like I had to explain
myself.

I drove back to the hotel and asked for our room. I mumbled and gave the wrong
number. When Catherine corrected me, the woman looked at me with scorn.

"I didn't hear a word you said", she threw at me.

Painfully, I repeated myself louder.

We climbed the same number of stairs. I took my clothes in the opposite order
I had put them on and with exact the opposite emotion.

I told her I felt guilty; I had just acted like Anahí. Anahí at least had the
decency to not go at all.

What was I thinking? I saw everyone happy and dressed beautifully. I felt
miserable and ugly. In my eyes, I am miserable and ugly. And broken. Sick.

I send them a message telling them I didn't feel well and that I was sorry.

I broke down crying in the middle of the night. She hugged me.

Later in the night her hug turned in to me kissing her cheek. Then I went for
her lips, and then we had sex.

In the shower I felt sick. My head hurt and my sight was blurry and the light
hurt my eyes.

She held me as I fell asleep so I wouldn't get lost in my fears and sadness or
ending wandering alone in my nightmares.

### Sunday, August 30th, 2015

Today it was another one of those days. I haven't showered. I didn't shave.
I avoid the reflection in the mirror. Most of the day was spent on my bed.

I can't remember when exactly when I woke up. The first time was maybe at 8h in
the morning when I received Catherine's answer to the question I asked before
falling asleep.

I returned back to slumber and didn't open my eyes again until almost noon.

I swallowed the pill and had breakfast. Not much time later, I came back to
bed. 15h I got up again...

My grandmother just entered the room and walked all the way to here to wish me
a good night.

Why do I feel angry with her? What has she done to me?

She offered me food today and I ignored her. I've blamed the depression before.
_Irritability is one of the symptoms._ Is it really that?

I feel as if she will hate me. She will deny me. Why should I care for her if
she will hurt me?

She hasn't done anything, but in my mind it is just a matter of time.

When my father saw me before asking me why was I dressed like that and his face
was full of doubt and a glimpse of repulsion, I told René I had expected to
feel bad. It was something that I feared, that I knew would make me sad. But it
didn't.

Why should I care? Everyone will reject me in the end, what difference does
another person make?

Today it was my third day. Sundays are some of my lowest days. From this that
I feel, what comes from the pills and what comes from me?

Now I do feel sick. Before I had doubts that I didn't deserve the diagnosis of
depression; my problems were less, insignificant, imaginary. Even after René,
even after he acknowledged them. That didn't matter. I had just convinced him,
the same way I convinced myself. Even after he mentioned the pills. What if
they don't have any effect on me? Maybe my problems would go away naturally and
the pills are something unnecessary. I would waste them in me.

After the first one, while I dressed myself and prepared, I kept thinking how
I felt the same. But now, three days later and after a whole weekend, I do feel
the difference.

I feel worse.

He warned me of this period where I should expect secondary effects. Cabrales
taught us how when initiating a treatment, the first weeks the patient feels
even worse than before.

How ironic that the first days after treating it, I am finally sure of what
I can't do, of how broken I am.

I feel sadness and anger. Are they the same? Are they muted or covered in
a veil? Or are they naked and potent?

The first sessions René said to me how I was _emotionally anesthetized and
behaviorally numbed_.

Being shelled in my own emotions is something that I've always done. Twenty
years of repressed emotions broke up, erupted and burned me. I am now melted.
I am now disfigured from it. What am I?

What the fuck am I? Who am I?

Will I know eventually? I knew, I've always known that antidepressants won't
take that away. _Maybe they will make you see things clearly_, he had said.
Will they, really?

_Are dreams a lie if they don't come true, or are they something worse?_

Whenever I see the notification of one of her messages a little picture pops
up. I see her and something inside me burns. I'm relieved that she still knows
I exist and then I feel a sudden burst of anger.

I see _Catherine_ as her name, and the fire dies off, but it leaves me burned.

I asked her to change her picture. She did, but I don't know how long will it
take for the little lying square to change.

She now put one from the party. One in her dress and her two hands raised at
the height of her face. She smiles because she's happy.

But she wasn't. She talked about that with Jessica yesterday. She explained
what happened the first five minutes and they talked for the next hour. They're
closer now.

I am isolated. It's normal now for me to go without saying good-bye. It's
something expected.

I am the ugly and broken doll. The crying little toy.

Catherine cares for me.

She shouldn't. I shouldn't let her.

Maybe she'll get tired. Maybe she'll go eventually. Like Monica did.

She's not Monica, even though their pictures looked the same.

### Monday, August 31th, 2015

Yesterday I looked for Monica again.

Instagram was the app I told her I had downloaded when she called me
a _faggot_.

That same app she downloaded herself weeks later when we were no longer
talking.

I searched for her and I found her. It was no longer just one picture. There
were two more. One of them—the last one—was an opened and empty wrapper of
a chocolate candy. The description said _I can't get no satisfaction_. The one
before was a selfie of herself in front of the mirror. She was dressed with
sports clothes, just before or after coming back from running. She was wearing
shorts or leggings—either I couldn't tell or I can't remember—and a pink sports
bra. She was holding her cell-phone in her hand. I can't remember if she was
smiling either. I do remember she had 12 _likes_. More than any photo I've ever
posted even though I have double the number of people following me.

What does it matter?

I decided today to delete my Facebook. I did. I had given it some thought
before but never actually done it. Now I had nothing to lose.

I hate seeing her—I absolutely hate having the impulse to look for her. I hate
seeing everyone's pictures and absolutely hate everyone's pictures of me.

Catherine told me to open Twitter again. I logged in, and opened everything up.
15 followers. 15 people interested in what I have to say.

Why would I write my thoughts if no one listened? I told her. I feel like
screaming from the top of a mountain and there's not single person listening.

So there. I did it. It's disabled. I can come back anytime and open it again.

Paola did it herself every summer. Eusebio did it just last month. I got angry
with him for doing the exact thing I did today. One from the handful of people
with whom I talk goes from the only place we interact. _That just shows how
much he cared._

No one cares. How many people will notice my absence? Until when?

I worry that Monica would get the wrong impression. She may look for me and
find an empty page, a void username, an error in the conversation. She may
think I deleted her; that I blocked her because I'm angry, because I care for
her and miss her. How would she talk to me now?

That's bullshit. She doesn't care. She won't notice because she's not me. She
does not look for me in Instagram and see my pictures and likes. She does not
open our conversation and count the days since we last spoke. She does not miss
me. She does not care what do I think. She's moved on while I'm back there in
that same place.

Will Eusebio or Jessica be the ones who notice? Maybe it will be Anahí.

Who knows, perhaps Melissa will want to talk to me and won't find me. I wonder.
And I get lost in the thought.

I do notice the parallelism, the simile. These are the same thoughts of
suicidal ideation. Who, indeed, will notice or care, and for how long, of my
absence?

I looked about the paradox of initiation of an antidepressive treatment. Why do
I feel worse instead of better. I knew it's normal, but I needed the
confirmation. _From 2 to 12 weeks until the start of the effects._

I feel anxiety and headaches. I feel tired and numb. I feel bad.

I talked with Catherine in Skype.

_Tell her, that I miss our little talks_.

I am the one she's talking about. She wrote that while I was in Spain.

I never noticed or did I?

Sometimes I get the impulse to open Facebook. Look at the news. Something,
anything. It's not like a search for something specific nor a care about anyone
in particular. It just helps me to feel less alone.

But they're not with me, they don't look for me. They don't notice me or my
absence. I am alone.

She left. She, who promised me love, left. Everyone but Catherine from the
seven, left. j We are two, now. From a group, a full generation, there's two of
us. Will she leave, too?

To whom do I go for consolation when she leaves me? Whose shoulder do I grasp
and wet when she tells me she doesn't love me anymore?

What will I have left but my own reflection in the mirror in an empty and
silent house? Just us. Even though we hate each other.

