# 2015 — 22 years old

## October, 2015

### Thursday, October 1st, 2015 I should sleep right now.

Tomorrow morning, just breaking dawn, I'll have to rise before everyone and
shower. We will go to Ensenada for the meeting.

It'll be the third time Catherine and I go there. The first time was when Juan
Carlos invited us to seeing him in a presentation of his doctorate
investigation.

That was the first time we went somewhere just the two of us. We didn't
remember it, but it was our first day out just the two of us. She has a picture
of us, sitting on the bus. We look young and innocent, so naïve. Neither of us
ever imagined what our future would look like. It was just by the end of our
second year of college—or was it the first? No, it was before Anahí dropped
out.

What we thought was our first day out was when we went to the _Corre con Color_
race. That was the following semester—the beginning of our third year—when we
took the elective Psychology of the Masses. It would be awkward, we both feared
it. We were nervous. Maybe we forgot about that first day out of the city.

We have traveled before. Alone and together. We have flought by plane and
explored a city. Now it's just a conference.

My bag is almost ready. I finished my book and I won't start the new one yet.
I'll maybe take the Game Boy with me. She has the newer one. I lent it to her.
She has passed all of the levels in Super Mario. Today I started playing
Pokémon for the first time since Spain. I've tought about deleting the
thirty-three-hour gameplay and starting a new one.

-...-

I'm a child. We have just moved. Recently we have been coming, little by
little, to habitate this new house. By now it has several furniture, but its
smell is still of something new and artificial.

It's our new house but it's not a home yet. My father is in what will be my
parents' bedroom. He's shirtless and doing housework.

Am I helping him? No. My brother hasn't been born yet. Luis will be his name
but I don't know it yet. I don't know either how close we will be 12 years
later.

That's not even my age. I will be 11 years old when he's born.

I am in elementary school. We don't live here yet. I look out the window and
see a van parked in front of the house crossing the street.

Will they be our neighbors? Will we play with those children?

We will. Their names are Cristian, Marco and Karina. The oldest is two years
younger than me and the younger boy is the same age as Miguel.

-...-

It's my birthday. They have come to congratulate me. Cristian sings the happy
birthday song in French.

Did I just turn 11? Margarita is the name of our neighbor next door. She gives
me a climbing toy that I mounted on the door of my bedroom. By the time I leave
this house to go to Spain I'll have had been in every bedroom but my parents'.

There is something about Cristian. There is Something weird about me, too.

In the future, my mother will tell me something I should have not known.

-...-

I am at the Ovies' house. We go downstairs and their mother, Adriana, is
crying.

"Why are you crying, mom?" Cristian asks.

"Because I love you very much and I was just talking about it."

I'm not a teenager yet, but I can sense when something is not being said.

My mother will later confirm my suspicions.

-...-

Adriana and my mother are talking in our front door. They think I'm not
listening.

It happens a lot, a lot of things are said in front of me and I hear them
despite them not being said for me.

"He's not gay. The psychologist already told us. She asked him if he liked
girls and a lot of questions. She told us, he's not gay."

-...-

My mother is seated in our table. The lights are dimmed and I don't know why
we're alone.

She'll tell me now. I don't fully comprehend the seriousness of what she's
saying.

She starts talking about that same story of her cousin. A _girl trapped in
a boy's body_. He role-played as wonder-woman whenever they played together. He
died, one day he was run over by a truck. She never knew what would have been
of his life; whether he would've transitioned; if the family would've been
supportive.

What does it have to do with everything? She thinks Cristian is just like her
cousin.

Cristian was raped as a child, she's telling me out of nowhere. Karina, as
well. Marco was the only of the three who wasn't. That's the story Adriana was
telling that made her cry.

The Ovies will move months or years later. I'll miss them, but end up
forgetting about them.

Cristian will turn into a normal college guy according to what I'll see on the
internet.

He wasn't gay and probably won't ever be.

-...-

"Men don't do that. You are not a man." I told him once in some other words and
with some other intentions. Did I want to hurt him? My mom hadn't told me yet.
I had no idea.

He gave me the finger and left.

It was later that I knew things I shouldn't.

We kept being friends until their departure.

I ended up being the one who was not a man.

Did I know yet I wouldn't be? Did I suspect anything of what would happen?

I doubt it.

I was a child who knew too much but felt too little.

### Friday, October 2nd, 2015 "Do your words."

She is standing right in front of me. I know deep inside how, whenever she
finishes undressing and puts on her t-shirt, she will come and take a look into
what I've written.

"I'm like this when I chat with you", she says as she climbs to the bed and
ties her hair.

We are in a hotel room. The air cooler is on and humming in the background.

We are in Ensenada.

Andrea has posted on her facebook the day of her party. I can't remember if it
was yesterday or the day before. I wanted to wear the costume.

"I was drunk with sleep, and I really wanted it."

"Now you don't?"

"I don't know. I do, but it scares me"

I'm in the bathroom. I've finished drying and the clothes are on the toilet.
It's a little after 4h30 in the morning. I put on deodorant and my underwear.
Everybody is asleep. We will leave early. Miguel will enter the bathroom just
as I step out of here. He'll finish by the time I shave in the downstairs
bathroom.

I'm in the bathroom but it's not morning. There are clothes waiting for me, but
they're not my jeans and shirt.

I'm on the chair writing. She has come and kisses me on the neck after she took
my shirt and put it on the rack behind me. I type the words as her hands
explore the way from my chest to my neck. She kisses me and smiles just as she
leaves.

The clothes are not what I'm wearing as I write. I'm in the bathroom again,
naked. There is underwear there but the rest is not something I've ever worn.
Not after showering; not for going outside. There is a skirt and a blouse. In
my bedroom stays the necktie and robe. I will go the party. I will go dressed
in a girl's Hogwarts uniform. I'll be Hermione and she'll be Harry.

Andrea posted the date of her costume party. October 17th, the day after we
come back from Mexicali. Will we go? I told René I knew it would end up not
happening. The event would never come and it all would stay a fantasy.

I dreamed about it.

"I will go to a costume party", I tell my parents, "as characters from Harry
Potter with Catherine."

They ask me about it. _What will you go as?_ _Oh, will you be Harry Potter?_

"No, she will be. I'll be Hermione."

What reaction did my parents have in my dream? Why don't I remember?

Maybe she would laugh and make an uncomfortable joke. My mum would say the same
stupid comment I know she has said.

_If you say you like boys, I'll cry._

It wasn't me to whom she said it. It still hurt.

_No, mother, I don't like boys._ That would be easier. That could be hidden.
I hide what I do have. I hide who I am.

Did my father sighed and shook his head just as that time he saw me putting
a bobby pin on?

Was he disappointed just as he felt when he knew I was taking antidepressants?

I doubt those were their reactions. I wouldn't have still wanted it if they're
where those.

I dreamed about the party, too. They would see me. I wouldn't have to hide.
I wouldn't have to change in the car. I could put the clothes on just as
I stepped out of the shower.

"Will you want make up? Foundation? Eyeliner?" Catherine asked.

Do I?

Did I dream that, too?

What where my friends reactions as they saw me in the dream? Eusebio and
Jessica would have known. They would understand what we were really doing with
our costumes. What about Paola? Would she laugh? Would Andrea recognize me?
Would everyone?

How different would I look?

I think I looked different. I sensed it.

I saw myself in the mirror today. I looked at myself just as I waited for her
to arrive to my house. After we finished and dressed ourselves again, I put the
white blouse back on but with her jeans. I let her see me. I let her take
a picture. Several of them.

I saw them today. I knew I would like them and I wouldn't. I did and I didn't.

There is something about my face. There is something about my body.

She liked the pictures. Part of me liked them, too.

What is that other part that didn't?

Is it the part that would make people recognize me if I dress as a girl for the
party?

### Saturday, October 3rd, 2015 "Luis is no longer with us."

Today my uncle died. My mother told me in the pick-up when I arrived to the bus
station.

_Finally._

Was it a bad thought? Does it make me a bad person?

He was suffering. He was sick. He's resting now.

No, he's just gone.

It seems banal to write about the rest of the day.

I ate twice but feel as my stomach were full. I've drunk two glasses of ice
tea.

Yesterday we had sex again. Twice.

She tied my hands with my leather belt over my head and used my tank top to
cover my eyes. She penetrated me after I did it to her. I teased her with my
lips and fingers. I tied her, too. She lost the mood and dried up close to the
end. Neither of us knows what happened. Then she tied me again and she covered
my eyes. She put two fingers inside me.

We showered together and did it again. I put my fingers inside her while
I caressed her soapy body with my other hand. She moaned under her drippy wet
hair.

In one bed we fucked and in the other we slept.

We took pictures in the hotel room. She took them, from our faces, our torsos
and our legs. We were in underwear and t-shirts. Mine were white and hers,
orange. Hers were men's; hers were mine.

She didn't like those pictures. She said it after we finished our breakfast at
the university. Three small burritos and a salad. Hers were of steak and mine
of beef. Hers had cheese. I couldn't finish the three of mine.

"You look like a good girl with that face and your hair that way."

She was brushing her hair on the bed in we had fucked. I asked her to dry mine
with the towel.

It was 5h when I woke up and turned of the fan. I walked to the bathroom and
returned to bed. I put my arm around her and my leg between her thighs. We woke
up a couple hours later.

All day it was about walking. Yesterday we just had to walk ten blocks, from
the university to our hotel. We walked a couple of them later when we looked
for something to eat.

We had seen Orozco in the hotel. I saw him first and he recognized us and said
hi. He introduced us to her wife. Today, after our breakfast, we saw Graciela.
I saw her first, too. When she found us from over there, she moved to wave her
hand. We'll see her Monday.

Catherine told me she thought about buying another bracelet. We could buy one
from every place where we've traveled. I haven't taken mine off. I shower with
it, I sleep with it. I touch myself with it.

Yesterday's workshop was about data analysis with a new software. Today's was
about the use of research as a tool to choose a therapeutic model.

We were in the closing act of the encounter. They gave the prices for a contest
which we didn't know about. They, again, presented to us the names of the
coordinators of the different participating universities.

Catherine took a picture of the two of us holding our passes in our lips.

We were sitting in the workshop, the computer lab, when she asked me for my
pass. I took it off and gave it to her. She took her pen and accommodate
herself in a position ready to start writing. I asked her not to draw anything
on it since I wanted to keep it. She told me not to worry and placed pen on
paper.

I saw the date. _I love you. -Cathy. I saw the same date written the same way
on her own.

I returned her the favor and wrote the same. She was worried, too, and
confessed she thought I would have drawn a dick.

_I love you, too. -Sofi._

We walked from the hotel to the university; from the university to the bus
station; then again to the first street and back to bus station. All times with
a heavy bag in our back. For a part of the last stretch I carried both of our
bags.

We ate in the place we had planned. We took pictures again.

I seem to take a lot of pictures lately for someone who doesn't like them.
I asked her about it and liked more than she did. It's a little funny and
a little sad how I expect to see something on there that I don't see in the
mirror.

### Sunday, October 4th, 2015 "Cassandra, Cassie."

I was wearing a robe, a black robe with shadows of gray. I was flying, escaping
from the machines following me, shooting me. It was a different planet.
Enormous, sandy rocks glowing in orange. Big clouds of dirt.

I was inside the building and there were more people. Almost everyone was
wearing the same type of robes. I was in a line, hiding in the tumult.

The woman behind me found interest in me and started asking me questions.

"Have we met before?"

She explained the differences between the two races. We were superior, she
explained. She thought I was one of her own. She treated me as if we had known
each other intimately.

How was it that I realized? Did she said something or was it something I saw in
her?

She was me. Her robe was red and she had short hair. Her face was soft and her
smile was calm. Her eyes were round and intense. She was younger.

There was some pictures in her hand, of her girlfriend. She met her recently
and started showing her to me. There were different images of the same girl.
That girl I knew. Blonde, light skin and big round eyes. Her girl was Monica.

Today was yet another Sunday. I woke up in the early morning with the sounds of
the rain. I closed the door and covered myself with the darkness. I went to
sleep again. The rain continued until I got up and took my pill with breakfast.

I tell Catherine my dreams. There were a lot of them today. Vivid and strange.

When people stop smoking marijuana they start dreaming again. Their body, their
brain, tries to compensate for all the REM sleep it was deprived. They
experience really intense and lifelike dreams.

The last days I did not sleep well. It's not the first time I dream extensively
after dreamless nights.

The first one was the one where I said the names.

Then I was in school; angry and in problems. Hated.

In a later one I was powerful and dangerous. I was the one who hated.

Then I was in a party, persecuted by a woman, until everything froze and I had
to escape for my life.

Finally, I ended in a different planet meeting myself and her new—and
old—girlfriend.

Escaping, fear, anger, and hate.

I feel tired, exhausted.

I wish I didn't have to go to school tomorrow. I want rest. I don't want to be
behind a deadline.

I haven't done any work. We didn't do to the items nor the indicators.

Again Catherine and I have done almost all the work.

Why can't they do their part?

Why can't once the classes I was supposed to like be the ones I enjoy?

I didn't remember Friday was going to be the workshop of Thanatology.

What is it that they did last semester?

Comfortable clothes and markers are the materials. I felt relieved when
I heard. I don't like movement or drawing. I don't like being exposed. I want
to be seen but hate being noticed.

What the fuck do I want?

I just took my second pill. Since Thursday I was taking just one. I think
I felt worse. Not the worst I've been, but worse than I should be feeling.

I can't tell my parents. Not about myself, not about my depression. Not about
the costume, not even about my fucking pills. I'm scared, but of what?

What is it that I fear? What will I gain when I tell them?

René told me I could say it in parts. I told him why I wanted it.

_So I don't have the burden of the secret._

I don't want them to call me names, I don't want them to call me _daughter_.

I imagine it and it feels fake. When they call me Iván or their son, at least
I know it's what they believe. It doesn't mean anything until I tell them.
After they know, I have nowhere to go.

_How do we call you?_

How do I want to be called? Who do I want to be?

I ought to be me, but who the fuck am I?

What will they say? What will they think? How will they look at me?

_If you want me to call you that way, I could, too. You just have to ask._

_No, I don't think I could refer to you in that way. I'd try, but my brain
would go back to the old way. I'd have to see physical changes._

Catherine ordered the costumes. Will I wear mine?

### Monday, October 5th, 2015 "I sound like a boy."

"I like it this way. You now sound like me."

"You don't have a boy's voice."

Today we were supposed to be yelled at.

She should had reprimanded us. We didn't do the homework, we haven't finished
the literature review. Victor and Andrea have not done their part.

The professor had to put all of us in our place.

Victor and Andrea didn't show up to class. She called Catherine and me to go
and talk about what we have done.

She congratulated us. She likes the way we work. We are so methodological.

The work I do is not enough and I am congratulated.

I upped my dose. Two pills, one in the morning and another just moments ago.

Did I dream something today?

I put the bottle in the table just in front of her.

_Did my father tell you anything? I am on antidepressants._

I thought about it. I considered it.

I want to do it. What is stopping me?

_I have been depressed. All of my life, really._

_It all started in highschool. You may remember when I was put in the evening
schedule. I lost a lot of weight and didn't eat. You and my dad threatened me
to take me to the doctor. You asked me several times if I felt sick._

_I wanted to die._

_It was hell. I never knew why. It made me feel guilty exactly because I had no
reason to feel that way._

_I didn't know why it came. Suddenly, just like that, it left. The memory
always haunted me._

_While I was Monica's boyfriend and it brought us a lot of problems. With her
I should feel happy. Why didn't I?_

_It all came back when we broke up. You must remember that._

_It had never left. It was just hidden, buried deep inside of me, covered by
a curtain of artificial happiness. When Monica left, everything came back up
again. At first I thought I was just mourning her. Maybe Monica had cured me
and with her gone my happiness was gone as well._

_I was wrong; she was just a mask. With her gone, I had to look at myself._

_It was a time full of changes. Anahí, my friend, dropped out of college.
Paola, my other friend, was almost as gone. I had to stop going to therapy.
Catherine and I were going to leave the country._

_I realized I didn't like what I am doing. I don't like anything: my career, my
body, myself. I wanted to go to Spain and leave everything behind._

_The fear wasn't of what I was going to leave here. It was all about what I was
going to come back to._

_I think I never told you how I almost didn't go. Catherine's therapist knew.
Catherine unintentionally told her how I was feeling sad and mentioned my
history of suicidal ideation. That was an alarm. There were signs and red
flags. I was not going to therapy and didn't talk to you. You didn't know about
anything. I shouldn't be unmonitored. I could not go by myself to another
country._

_I almost didn't go to Spain._

_A couple of days before by departure were the most anxious I've ever been.
Even with my visa in hand and everything ready, even sitting on the plane, it
all felt unreal. I wasn't calm until I finally slept in Salamanca._

_Spain was the best and the worst I've felt my whole life._

_When I came back, just like with Monica, I was_ cured.

_Except, I was fooled again._

_Everything came back. You noticed, I'm sure. The slowness, the sadness, the
irritability. I don't know if you saw the red eyes or heard the crying at
night._

_That's what I've been working on._

_I needed help and my therapist gave it to me. I've been taking
antidepressants. It's been almost month and a half. We are trying to find the
cause. The root of it all._

_We have found it. That's the safe thing to say._

_I don't like my body. I don't like being me. I am not me._

_I am transgender._

_The cause is my sexuality. I'm not gay. I don't like being a man._

_You remember how you get upset whenever I say I will never have kids or that
I don't want to be married? I don't like the idea of being a father. I don't
ever want to be a groom. I feel like I can't have kids. I don't even like
having sex as a man._

_I'll go to a party in two weeks. It's a costume party. I'll go with Catherine.
We'll go as Harry and Hermione. We are not sure yet who is gonna be who._

### Tuesday, October 6th, 2015 I am in class. Vinicio is talking about the
Brief Therapy of the Mental Research Institute in Palo Alto. Catherine is
sitting behind me.

Has she started playing on her game boy? No, not yet.

She has my phone but I don't know it. It starts buzzing and I hear it. The
thought of her having my phone doesn't cross my mind. _Her phone makes that
same noise, too_. I keep listening of that same story of the girl and her
breakup. The one who makes an altar to her ex and is tasked with reciting to
him her thank you note as a prayer.

Catherine asks for my attention and gives me my _lady wallet_, as Anahí called
it. I take it from her hand and put it on my backpack. My eyes go back to the
blue slides projected on the white screen.

Not a lot goes on before I hear and feel the notification of a new text
message. I take out my phone and see the word _Nena_ on the notification at the
top of the screen. What catches my attention is the text that appears under it

_Sofía_, it starts.

_I want to be with you, in your good moments and your bad ones; specially the
bad ones when everyone leaves and even you don't want to be with yourself. Then
is when I want you to have my company and my support._

_I want to be with you in silence, in screams, in crying, and in calm. I want
to share with you my life, my dreams and my fears. I want you to let me share
your life, your dreams and your fears._

_I want to share my home, my room, and my bed with you. For us to be in our
most vulnerable and sleep together. Let me take your hand to go wherever we
want._

_I love you, Catherine._

_Cinemático_ is going to close. That's the place where we saw _Mr Nobody_
together and Eusebio saw us. There we went with Anahí and Yarely on her
birthday. We went to their first location the three of us, Anahí, Catherine and
I. Then it changed locations and we went to watch different movies there. From
_Ex Machina_, to the start of _Birdman_ and the complete _Her_. There was the
first time I met Catherine after she returned from Chile.

This week will be their last. Tomorrow we will go.

Did we go there on my birthday? I can't remember. I think we didn't. We went to
_Argana_. The _grafógrafo_ was from where she got me my gift.

I took two pills this morning. This is the higher dose I've taken. I felt some
of the initial secondary effects. There were some trembling and excitation, but
not much else. Did I notice a difference with its primary effects? Did I get
a high?

I've been thinking, ruminating with the idea of the costume. A skirt, tights;
a blouse or a sweater. Make up, shoes. What to do, when, where. I ask her about
it with the intention to calm my nerves. To figure out what is it that I really
want or will be able to do. She tells me she doesn't know. She answered me but
I heard Monica speaking.

_I don't know. I don't care. Stop. **Stop**._

I shared with her my worries and thoughts. She listened.

We waited in her car until the night kicked us out of campus.

Her mother might make her a skirt. Do I want her to make me one?

We went to the first class. It was our turn to expose to class the death
rituals of The Middle East. Our plan was to arrive early so we could study the
slides before.

She gave me the things from Ensenada. I put on my black bracelet. There is two
now on my wrist.

When I was a child I used to like wearing watches. I used to wear them on my
right wrist. There were comments about how that was the place where women wear
them. I had to train myself to wear them on my left wrist.

Why? It didn't feel natural. It wasn't the idea of being seen girly. I wanted
to fit in.

I stopped wearing them for a while. In University I got myself a mechanical
one.

On my birthday before going to Spain, my parents gave me another one, the one
I wore over there. No, it was a Christmas gift.

When I came back to México, I stopped wearing it and instead returned to the
smaller when I stopped ignoring what I felt.

When I got to accept it and felt the pressure of time, I stopped wearing
a watch altogether.

After Guadalajara, I wore a red bracelet instead.

Now on my wrist there is a black one, too.

Maybe after Mexicali, there will be a third one.

### Wednesday, October 7th, 2015 "_¿Puedo tomar su plato, joven? ¿Y el suyo,
señorita?_"

Today was going to be a long day. The class wouldn't start until 17h. We would
have all morning. We did.

Yesterday she told me she'd pick me up at 12h30.

I know I dreamed something, but I can't remember.

I woke up early at dawn. I remember turning and tossing in bed and feeling this
urge to ask her, to confirm it.

_Am I a woman? Am I your girl?_

It was a need; a longing that hurt.

I woke up with that familiar sensation. I chose to wear leggings and one of my
brother's shirt. Every piece of clothing but the shirt was black.

When I went upstairs to get the bathroom I found that face again.

She saw me from the mirror and said _welcome_ with her smile.

Her eyes glowed behind the dark brown curls. I wanted to wear her face and show
it to the world.

If I had to pick a costume I'd prefer to take off the usual mask and show that
face.

I imagined dressing in that magic school uniform and long black robe.

Would people see that face? Would I look like her?

If they were to recognize me, would that mean that I look like every other day?

Times and moments like those are the ones that make me sure to dress like that
for the party.

By the time I had showered and shaved the face had disappeared.

Do I put on a mask preparing myself for going out? Is it an unconscious mask or
is just a cold slap of reality that erases the illusion?

I tried to iron the shirt and decided to wear a gray tank underneath.

Just as I type these words, I remember the sick feeling in my body accompanying
us all along the day; the same feeling that tickles in my throat announcing
a sickness to come.

Will I get sick? Did her illness come to me with her kisses?

Were they worth it?

I waited for her and went outside. She welcomed me without any mention of my
clothes.

_That clothing_ was how René called it.

We're driving to downtown. She is talking about something. My hand brushes her
thigh, up and down, fingertips barely touching her pants. After several trips
on her leg, I grasp her hand and take it to my own.

"I didn't say anything about them on purpose. I wanted to see what you'd do."

We are sitting on a bench at _La Revolución_. We are outside a dance club.
There is a sign on the window stating Wednesdays are _Ladies' night_. I feel
comfortable next to her. She makes me feel comfortable in my own skin. People's
sights touch me even less than my fingertips did her legs. I see their eyes on
me and I don't mind them. I wanted the feel feminine. I wanted to dress girly.
Maybe that's were the reflection came. I wouldn't have worn a dress or the
blouse. Why not? Would she had said something?

_Cinemático café_ is now closed. It was closed when we arrived half an hour
ago. It should be open by now, but it won't ever be. We'll walk there and come
back to eat something a couple blocks ahead.

We are sitting in _Colectivo 9_. We browsed the different places looking at
their menus.

Do people notice me? What is it that they see?

Mirrors are deceiving. They show me fantasies of what I think I look. They show
me this morning's face or that other one. I see either how I want to look or
how I fear I look. Where does reality lies on that spectrum?

What do they see? Why can Catherine's view be the real one? I want to live in
her reality. I want to believe it.

We have chosen our food. The same old thing as always. _The classic_, as it is
named in their menu.

We eat and I pay attention to everyone's words and eyes. Do I want them or fear
them?

Why do I dress like this if I fear to be seen? What is it that I expect?

The food is ready and both of us walk to pick it up.

"_La mesera puede llevarles la comida o pueden tomarla ustedes._"

That genderless, lying _ustedes_. Do I thank it or hate it?

The waitress will look at me: _Joven_.

Was that the reason I feel tired?

In the beginning, I wanted to be unnoticed. Now reality hurts me.

Maybe that's why.

If it hurts me to be seen like this, wearing a dress or a blouse and still
being unrecognized will kill me.

### Thursday, October 8th, 2015 "_Buenas tardes, señoritas._"

"_Hola, señoritas. Ya pueden salir. Hasta luego, mis niñas._"

I feel sick. My nose is stuffed and my throat hurts. There is water leaking
from my nostrils and my ears are humming.

I am in bed, it is almost midnight—or is it morning?

No, I have no windows but I know it's late.

Catherine is asleep.

It can't be. I fell asleep first.

What is she doing that I am lost again in my phone?

I waited for her to finish the reports before going to bed.

I have my phone in my hands and again I am looking for Monica. I escaped from
Facebook to go away from her and her pictures and her ghosts.

Why do I look for her? It's an habit now; go to the search bar, look into past
searches, and touch her name.

_Avis parva_, it used to say.

She changed it. I named her that. _Little bird_.

She was my little bird.

She is neither a bird nor mine.

_Monicakes_21_, it says now.

There are no new pictures. In all of the old ones she is smiling.

Who is the one taking them?

Is it him? Probably.

Does it matter?

Five weeks ago, I think it was.

"Me hice una cuenta de Instagram."

"Qué joto."

She made an account herself after we stopped talking.

Was she looking for me?

Did she find me?

What made me go a step further?

I saw _him_ in the people who follows her.

Am I a _follower_ if I look for her?

Can I be both a fugitive and a follower at the same time?

I entered  to his profile and look at his pictures.

Europe shots. They are old—older than hers. There was no life, only history,
until his last picture.

Her smile—her fucking deceitful smile. The smile that promised me heaven and
threw me to hell.

Has it ever been the same or did it die with our story as her name?

The picture was her sitting in a restaurant, fork and knife in hands. Her eyes
looking at him taking the picture and smiling. There is a headband in her hair
with little stones reflecting back the flash. Her black dress hugs her chest
and there are little white dots that mirror her milky flesh.

My body is sick with the flu; my head is sick of her.

Her memory poisons me. What has she done to me that fills me with so much hate?
What did she do that is so unforgivable?

Was loving me such a crime?

Catherine picked me up and drove me to therapy. I waited for René. A couple
came out from his consultation room. What stories does that room has heard? Is
mine important? Is it noteworthy?

I brought a thermos with me filled with tea. It was scalding hot, and my mouth
hurt all morning.

I talked in session.

What is it left for me to say? My uncle is dead. My mother hit me when I was
a child. I felt unloved and unworthy. I wasn't abused. I felt like I were, but
I wasn't really. Is there a difference?

I am sickened by my family's habit of hiding stuff from themselves. _Not saying
things_ I described it.

My main problem now is that I can't say what I want.

What a fucking hypocrite.

"Iván, what are the symptoms of depression?" Luis asked me.

Did he listen? He must have. He is eleven, not an idiot. He might be smarter
than I was at that age. Is it maturity that lets me admit it?

I denied him an answer.

"I don't know", said the almost graduated psych major; the
antidepressants-taker; the melancholic, suicidal, and closeted trans girl.

Catherine and I saw our patient. Now I was the one who applied the tests.

A four year old, inattentive boy. He smiled and laughed and I saw him and his
happiness.

I envied him.

I always thought I never enjoyed my own childhood. I wasted it. I didn't have
it.

Was it because it wasn't the one I wanted or is it just me focusing on the
problem and looking at my past with pink-tinted glasses?

"Nobody has confused me recently", I told Catherine.

They haven't.

Not even with my hair untied and wearing women's leggings.

To them I've still been a young man.

A crossdressing young man; an effeminate young man; a faggot.

The old security guard welcomed us to the parking lot.

_Ladies_, he said, and we listened.

I was giving him my back.

I dreaded the moment he'd see me upfront, correct himself, and apologize.

Why should he apologize? _Because it's a mistake_, their apologies scream.

He didn't.

Not being seen is what made him say it once again when we left.

"My girls", he said when we left.

We are not his, but are we both girls?

### Friday, October 9th, 2015 "To whoever wants to, we can open the casket so
you could touch his hand."

I'm sick and the week is almost over.

My parents and Luis are not home. They must have arrived to Mexicali by now.

My uncle is dead.

I saw a dead man, today but he wasn't him.

What started as a fantasy is now going to become reality.

We talked about it two years ago. In Halloween we could dress up. She could
wear a suit or something formal and I could wear a long dress, a formal gown.
We could play innocently with gender like we were doing inside a hotel room,
but now exposed in the world.

It never came to reality. I went to Spain and came back without those feelings.

I don't even remember last year's Halloween.

This year will be different.

We have gone to the United States before. The first time I went alone was with
Catherine, Paola, and Anahí. Later, we went just the three of us. More times
I would be there with just Catherine.

The first time I wore women's clothes outside was on the other side of the
border. I was in the Jack I frequent with my family. I entered the same wrong
restroom and changed in a stall I'd never been before. I came outside as I had
never been outside before. We stood on the bus stop under the rain. Those would
be the first droplets of water that would fall on us as we kissed, as she held
me, as I was being myself.

This year, by the end of the month, the fantasy came again. Anahí was the one
who asked us to go somewhere. Do something; dress up.

They would say we were Harry, Ron, and Hermione. The idea came up again for us
to take our roles. It was an idea. It was a fantasy, a dream. Nothing but
a _what if?_. We talked about different things that night. Afterwards, I went
with Catherine and the other guys to some bar. The idea stayed in my head
accompanying me all night.

I shared it with René and told him that I knew it would not happen.

Why would it? Would I even dare?

There will be a party this month. Just next week we have to go to Andrea's meet
up for her birthday where a costume is mandatory. I got cold feet and decided
I would wear pants. How stupid of me to think I would hide myself in
a different costume. What a waste of irony to let pass the opportunity of being
exposed in a disguise.

I couldn't let it pass. Catherine asked her mom yesterday to make her a skirt.

Maybe she could make one for me, too, Catherine had offered. Would I dare to
ask?

What happened when I did?

Today, in the morning, Catherine was going to ask her mom, share with her the
idea of us playing with gender.

She couldn't. Her mother was busy; she left; someone else came.

She could ask her later, but she also realized something. The excuse was that,
an excuse.

Did I mind that she can tell her everything? She could tell her about the
disguise, about us, our relationship, my pills, my depression, my situation.

It freaked me out. I wanted to, I'd been thinking about exactly that. Like the
disguise, it is something I desire, but fear.

I hadn't thought about the measurements. I would need to be there, be seen by
her knowing everything; stand in her hands and be measured by the waist, hips,
and thighs.

Catherine argued with her mother instead. There is nothing to eat in her house.
She ate a hot dog with me from the gas station. Her mother brought her a plain
hot dog. It's the same situation of not being told when there is nothing in
their house. It exploded into a rain of demands and failed expectations.

I feel now pathetic asking her about something. With what face will Catherine
share my most intimate secret when they can't even have an intimate
conversation.

Wednesday we will leave to Mexicali.

My parents will be at work and I can't leave the car in the parking lot of the
bus terminal.

She offered to ask her mom to give us a ride.

I don't want to be picked up. How can I expect to be seen?

### Saturday, October 10th, 2015 "She sensed something _queer_ about you. You
never presented yourself as a masculine, manly man. There has always been
something _delicate_ about you."

They're gone since yesterday. A little more than an hour ago, my mother replied
they would be leaving in an hour.

I wanted to go to the United States to buy hair mousse and black shoes. I told
them I didn't have a pair of black shoes, which is true. I didn't mention what
I needed them for.

Catherine sent me a picture of herself wearing a black robe.

"It doesn't close but you are thinner than me."

I thought it was hers, but it was mine.

Everything came. She has both capes, the ties; everything for our costumes.

_Almost_ everything for next week.

A message was in our group chat this morning. Paola doesn't know what to dress
herself as. The conversation grew and there were different answers. Jessica
would try to be _La Catrina_. Eusebio doesn't know, either. Maybe as her
partner he'll be wearing a similar costume of death.

"Do you know what will you be?", someone asked us.

_What would we answer if they ask?_ Catherine and I had just been wondering
about the subject.

"Hogwarts students."

Maybe we could had tell them we would be Harry and Hermione. They would assume
the rest themselves and they would be assuming wrong.

Did I want to be asked which? I ought to have known they might.

They didn't. They still don't know.

Catherine was going to ask her mom about making two skirts. After the favour,
she thought she could tell her everything else. She did tell her everything
except for the original sewing task that would initiate it all.

I am in bed playing with my Game Boy. I am playing Pokémon with a female main
character. It's weird reading the narration of the game calling me by my own
name.

There was a voice message from Catherine.

I sent her the pictures of me answering the game's questions _Are you a boy or
a girl?_ _What's your name?_

She told me she was happy for me. Proud.

I had changed. It was something that she wondered if I would ever do.

With her own voice she told me how she imagined that I would never do it. She
could see how I viewed it as something forbidden, something impossible.

It all started with the 16PF test.

I am sitting outside Liliana's practice. I'm on the couch, in the waiting room.
Catherine is in session with her, probably crying. There is music in my ears
and the sheet of paper in my hands. I have to answer this test for her.

The instructions ask me to be honest. _There are no wrong or right answers._
Every test says that, and people always lie. I lie.

I should not this time.

_Let's not_, I think.

I look at the first questions. Those are supposed to be the easiest—not even
part of the test—, but they are the most uncomfortable for me. The test is
asking me for my name and gender.

The test is waiting for me to lie to it. _Say what you are supposed to say._
The _right_ answer.

Fuck it. No one has to ever see this. For a moment I forget about the world and
I answer honestly. _I can always change it later._

But I'll forget to.

"It was the test, and later your journal, and now your game", the voice message
continued. "As time passed, you've said it or put it in more places.

"That's your name, Sofía. You are girl. A woman."

I think about her voice when I receive Catherine's other, more recent
voicemails. One by one they keep coming.

In the first one, she warns me she had told her mother everything. She will
tell me later.

_Later_ eventually comes.

She sat her mom and told her how she'd been trying to tell her something. She
used me as a starting point. _Do you know what transgender means?_

She then completed her mother's answer with my name.

Everything was acceptance and support.

A little visage of truth escaped, but I don't know if she saw it.

"Don't get yourself 100% involved" her mother warned her. "Well you are now
100% involved, but don't be 200%..."

About her father's comments. Her Mom mentioned them and said how she'd told him
not to spit into the air because it might fall back down on his own head.

"He even worried about you being in a relationship with him."

"I thought about telling her _no, of course not_, but then I just smiled and
said _yes_", the voice continued the story.

"That's when everything fell to pieces."

Her mom sat again.

"How, how does that work?", she asked for an explanation. "If he's transgender,
what does it make you?"

"I'm bisexual", Catherine answered her.

She's said it now.

I haven't even told my parents I have a costume party next week.

### Sunday, October 11th, 2015 _National Coming out Day._

"I know you are not a coward. I'm glad you've said it now; in person. Whenever
you want to tell your Dad, whenever you feel ready—if you want, I can tell him.
I won't say anything until you tell me you're ready."

I'm out. I'm seen.

Finally.

Catherine showed her mind yesterday to her mom, hours before the NCOD.

I could have shared mine, but my parents didn't get home. They came today with
the breaking dawn.

I could not have said it. I had no voice. My throat was mute and my chest full.

Now it's all said.

I sat with her in the table, just like that other time that I wanted to say it.

I asked her about the funeral, my aunt's reaction, and her sister's party. We
talked about death and grief. I opened up a little about Friday's trip to the
funerary. I let the door a little open. Just enough to let a shine of light
crept in.

Afterwards, I am in tears.

My nose is watery. My eyes naked without their glasses and filled with red
emotion. I look at her and I stand up. I extend my arms like a little child
asking for love.

_Please love me_ I beg her with my gesture.

She hesitates because of the abnormality of my action, but she stands and
receives me.

I cry even more. Little droplets of water fall unto her shoulders as the
raindrops on Pride Parade.

She mumbles something hidden in both of our sobs.

I feel her own tears as if it were my hand that comes up to her face and cleans
it.

She thanks me. All of our life she's felt the distance between us and the
weight of me having to let her hug me. My ask of love brought her to tears.

I could narrate what I said and fill today's journal entry. I could even use
this as a draft of what I will later tell Catherine.

But I don't really feel like it.

I did ration out everything that I had to say. I chopped it up into little
pills filled with information, and burden, and emotion. I had a dosage that
would last a couple of weeks. Today it was just the start and mentioning the
party.

_I have a party on Saturday. It's a costume party._

Open up with that, let the bait down and wait for a catch.

_I'm going with Catherine, we'll go as Harry and Hermione._

Just enough facts to be classified as a truth. Just enough information without
being uncomfortably precise. A vague but comfortable confession. The ball would
be on her court.

Would she answer it or let me win?

_Who is going as which?_ She might joke playfully and get the full confession
out of me. Until then I wouldn't have to worry about the consequences.

The plan was ready. It was foolproof.

But I started differently.

"Did my dad ever mention anything about my pills?"

We talked about that day. What I said, what had happened in highschool, in my
childhood. My first depressive episode. The dysthymic life. The sadness that
has been my companion throughout my life.

I made her cry and I thought it was because of me.

She told me how she screamed to my dad. She questioned him when he did tell her
about my medication.

"Did you know about Iván's antidepressants?" He asked her.

My mom told me he had said that I trust her more. I tell her things first.

He assumed everybody knew but him.

This time he assumed wrong and suffered my mother repressed and recently-caused
fury. She asked him to tell her more, to tell her the reasoninng behind them,
what is it that is going on with my life. She blew off at him when he had
nothing to tell her.

She felt guilty.

We talked about the idea of not saying things. Keeping everything bottled up
until it spills.

I opened up a little, and a little more. Just a little bit. I feared the well
would break and cause an inundation.

I talked about Monica; I talked about the time before I left for Spain, the
anguish of those days; I talked about Cathrine and about us.

I talked about a lot, but not _that_. That remained in my chest, in my restless
leg, and my trembling hand. It was in my throat, like a hand suffocating me
from the inside.

I can't remember what was it that finally let it out.

I asked her about my own childhood. _What did people said? How did I look?_

Was I expecting something specific? Girly, delicate, effeminate. Something
classic and cliché.

I talked about my hair.

"I don't like my body", I finally said it.

"The think that came up on those first tests was _gender_", I continued.

An hour later I had talked about everything except the Halloween party.

Catherine missed the NCOD by a few hours. I, unintentionally, made it just in
time.

### Monday, October 12th, 2015 "I always said they were princess' locks."

"You are a woman who behaves like a girl, and I love it."

Today was my first morning. I rose with the sun and I felt free.

I couldn't stay asleep. I tossed and turned filled with energy and emotion and
life.

I saw the first half of a movie about death.

I listened to Catherine's voice, her messages. Twice I heard the narration of
the conversation she had with her mom. I heard her nervousness and the raw
emotion in the trembling of her voice as she started. I heard when her words
started breaking and gave birth to her tears and sobs. I listened three or four
times to her explanation about me saying my name, showing myself.

I remembered my own confession.

I hate that word, even the idea of it.

I wanted to distance myself to the sensation of being in a confession booth
telling my sins.

I sent Eusebio and Jessica a message today. Everyone was talking about the
drinks they would bring to the party. I opened a new group when we arrived to
the classroom to thank them. I wanted to take their offer.

I want their support. I want to tell them, to show myself to them. I want to do
it on my own terms now.

I started by telling them my mother now knows.

They haven't seen the message yet.

They haven't answered. It hurts showing and not being seen. Even if it's just
for a few hours.

I talked with Monica this morning.

I didn't; I talked _to_ her. She wasn't here. It wasn't her.

Today I didn't see her and I missed her.

I talked to her ghost, but she didn't answer.

I told her about my mom, about my feelings, about my pills, about Catherine.
I hated her, I confessed, but I don't anymore.

I miss her again. I miss telling her stuff, I miss showing myself to her, even
when it hurt. I don't want her back. I just want her close.

I don't miss my girlfriend nor my little bird.

I miss my friend. Monica, my best friend.

What would she say if she knew?

I picked Catherine up from her house. I drove her to therapy. This was her
first session after her last mandatory one. _101th session_.

I'm scared of looking at my own notebook. Is it seven left? Six? Maybe three.

What will I do when the time runs out?

My mother took a gigantic weight from my shoulders and then another one
I didn't know I was carrying too. She told me how absurd it is for me to worry
about finding a job or a scholarship when I still deal with my own self.

Should I do that? I shook my head whenever she talked about accepting myself.

I don't want to accept it; I want to change. I want to fit. Not in society
anymore, fit within me. Forget about the world and their views.

_Be happy_, she said.

I didn't know what that was. Is it the answer? Is _transition_ the way?

I woke up light and my back ached. Even now, there are hot flashes of pain
shrieking throughout my spine.

Have I grown so accustomed to the load that its absence now sickens me?

After therapy we went to look for shoes and sweaters. We found both, but didn't
buy any. I bought mousse and my mom got herself make up.

My parents now know about the party now.

I told her what I missed yesterday before she stepped in.

"Good bye, guys... and girls of the * club".

What Catherine says in session is confidential. Would calling me be a breach of
its confidentiality?

Then what happened the first day?

Yolanda saw me as her sister. If Catherine hadn't told me, I would never have
known. How may times have people seen me a certain way that I never noticed?

Why do I care so much how I look in other people's eyes?

What is reality? Where is it? Is it in my brain? Is it in the mirror? Their
eyes?

Is it in Catherine's?

I couldn't try the shoes in the swap-meet. We tried some sweaters in Wal-mart
and I tried the shoes.

What if Andrea's friends say something? What if they see me in a certain way
and they're loud about it?

It would fit in my story being lifted from something, starting to feel
happiness, just to be slapped and thrown away to the pit when I least expect
it.

Would it still count if I do see it coming?

Is it my fault if I still put myself through it?

### Tuesday, October 13th, 2015 "I don't hear you as a boy. Maybe that's why
I said your voice is sexy, because I hear it rusty, not manly, when you use
that intonation. Like Mariela's."

Today it was the second day I felt free.

The pain was even worse than yesterday's. How is it that I feel happy and full
yet my back aches? Why is it that without the load on my shoulders my body is
suffering?

I watched the second half of the Japanese movie I was supposed to watch.
I wrote the essay on my bed. I was lying on my stomach typing on the laptop.
I fell asleep around 3h.

I woke up early in the morning again. I turned and tossed and chatted in my
phone with both Catherine and Anahí. I kept sleeping a little more and at 10h
I got up.

I put a foot on the ground and, like whenever I stepped with the other one for
the rest of the day, a flash of pain blinded me. I couldn't walk.

Why is it that when I am free to move wherever I want my body is now stuck in
a fixed position?

I was scared. I was supposed to drive today. Catherine offered to drive me.

I took two pills of advil, one of febrax, and two of my life pills.

I moved and kept moving. I walked to the living room and back to my room. Then
another time, and another. I didn't want to stop now that I could move.

Why today?

It happened after the trip to Las Vegas. Later, it happened again before
Guadalajara. Now it's happening a couple of days before Mexicali.

Will I be able to go? What will happen with the party? What will happen before
the party? What will happen there?

I am so intoxicated with the anticipation of Mexicali that I forget about what
will happen next.

My parents know I have a party. They don't know it's a costume party, neither
do they know that I'll go dressed in a skirt and a white blouse under which my
bra can be seen.

What will people say when they see me?

What will they see?

Will I get dressed in my house? Will I get dressed in my room or in the
bathroom? Will I exit covered in a long sweater, or with other clothes over it,
or carelessly exposed for everyone to see?

Will I get dressed in her house? Will I put on my clothes in her bathroom or in
her room? Will her dad be there? Will he say something?

What if someone says something?

They will say something. People talk at parties. Will that _something_ be about
me?

Will I be recognized?

By being recognized do I mean being seen as whom I always show or as who
I really am?

Today Catherine picked me up and drove me to school. I forgot the little tube
of advils and my bottle of iced water.

She apologized for not having washed the white blouse I tried yesterday. It
fits. I looked at myself as how I will almost look. The blouse fits, the skirts
fits. My legs are narrower than hers; the blouse is looser on my body. The bra
as I was expecting, shows through the cloth. My chest seems swollen with it.

I saw my shoulders wide. They are the widest part of my body, but they're not
exaggerated or the first thing you look.

I looked fine. I took a picture and sent it to her. Then I took another one.

Almost everything looked good except for my face. My face wasn't bad, it was
just the same as always. The same long nose, the same pronounced brow, the same
shadow around my mouth.

"Will people notice me? Not that they won't know I'm a man, but will me being
one will be shouted to everyone?"

If I sleep on the floor today, I won't sleep again in my own bed until after
the party.

After tonight I won't sleep alone until then either.

We went to eat to that same place and Catherine took me to my same home. We
stayed in the car as we usually do and talk the way we do.

I sent a message to Eusebio and Jessica. I opened up to them. They know about
my mom, congratulated me, and thanked me for my trust.

Were their words empty?

I told Anahí that I'll dress as Hermione; to Eusebio and Jessica, I said that
I finally told my Mom; that I'm on antidepressants to both of my parents.

I wanted to say those three things. I wanted to get them out. They're out and
I'm not satisfied. I want to tell them to someone else.

I want my best friend to know.

I want her to know all of that and that I miss her.

### Wednesday, October 14th, 2015 We are in the hotel room. My hair is wet and
in her hands. The brush whispers as it passes through my locks.

Is she reading these words as I am writing them?

Does it matter?

We arrived in Mexixali after 15h.

I woke up early again. It's the third day that I can't stay asleep.

I can't keep writing. This sensation is distracting me.

When we left to eat we asked the front desk for two extra towels. After
returning, I asked again at the lobby and for their code to the internet. We
stayed in bed for a while before she called down again. We are both showered
and the towels never arrived.

It's midnight, tomorrow I'll leave.

My back still hurts. I put the unused sheets on the floor and lied over them.
I'm on my back but I can't rest. I turn to my side, but it's the same. The hard
floor is supposed to help with the pain. I miss my bed. I'll miss it more the
next few days.

Catherine got to my house after noon. Her mother did give me a ride to the bus
terminal. I didn't have to move the car.

She's now braiding my hair.

The buzzing of the phone keeps grabbing my attention from the screen.

It's not the first time she does my hair. She has done it once before. I asked
for it. We were in the hotel that is close to her house. The other time was
during Pride as we lied on the grass of Balboa Park.

I washed the white blouse yesterday. This morning I ironed it after I showered.
I wouldn't be able to Saturday after we come back. I have less than 6 hours in
the afternoon to get ready and leave to Catherine's house. I haven't decided
what I'll do with the clothes. Whatever I decide, I don't want to take the
blouse and get into my parents' closet to get it ready.

My hair is done so now she is doing her own. She's standing behind me and I can
see her reflection in the mirror over the screen. I can see myself in there,
too.

Why does it scare me to look?

I was going to stay in my white underwear as she gets me ready.

I couldn't.

She suggested I could wear my own t-shirt as when I sleep. I put on the gray
dress instead. I can see the straps on my shoulders.

She's kissing my shoulder as she looks and laughs.

Why do my parents' messages irritate me? They asked me that I get in touch with
them tomorrow. I was on another country on my own. It's just a couple of days
two hours from home.

We went to eat chinese food at the plaza next to the hotel.

There is a Hooters, too. We could go there later. It's more probable that
I will be seen here than back in Tijuana. No, I know more people over there.
It's that the people here know me more.

Catherine and I had sex. We will, again. After my hair, I'll put on make up and
one of the masks we bought yesterday in the sex shop.

She had showed me a picture of a netted half mask and asked me to tell her
whenever I'd see something like it. One day after school, as we passed the
Office Depot to go to my house, we noticed the sex shop and decided to enter.
We looked at their stuff and their costumes.

I saw some wigs. I want my hair longer but I like it enough as it is.

And there, hidden under some other costumes, were a black and a couple white
masks.

We didn't buy shoes, or a sweater, or tights. I didn't mind buying two of the
masks, one of each colour.

Mine is the white one. It's on the table next to me right now.

I'll wear it; first over my naked eyes and then coloured with eye shadow.

Will I like myself?

I know she will. But will I?

How different will I look?

_Then, he'll ask you to style his hair or put make up on him. One day he will
want to be with another man_ Yolanda, her therapist, told her once in session.

I don't want to be with a man.

I want to be with her.

I like being penetrated by her.

I like being hers and only hers.

I don't know how much or even if I'll like what I see.

Why, then, did I ask her to take a picture of us?

Is it for me?

Maybe I want to look at me at a different time and with a fresh state of mind.

Or is it that I want to show the image to other people?

Whom?

And why?

### Thursday, October 15th, 2015 "When I imagined the masks, I had this exact
view in my head."

"Do you want to take a picture?"

It was another one of those posts. Several paragraphs explaining she will kill
herself and the reason why. I've seen several of those and they always irritate
me.

Some of them are true, most are just teenagers screaming for attention. There
is nothing wrong with that reason, but I'm sick of reading how they will never
be a pretty girl or be validated and the only option is to off themselves.

I usually ignore them.

I read parts of this.

There was a link with her picture at the end. She had long hair and a black
t-shirt. She was wearing glasses.

Was she smiling?

I can't remember that nor her name. It started with A. Was it Alice?

What was the thing that made her face stay with me?

I got distracted looking at myself in the same mirror I didn't dare to look at
yesterday. Today I'm topless in front of the computer. Catherine is lying on
the bed with my t-shirt covering her breasts.

Yesterday we did it. I wrote about the first time we had sex.

We went to eat, but where? Right, the Chinese restaurant next door. We brought
two plates with leftovers. They stayed untouched until this afternoon. What did
we do later? Why is my memory so foggy?

We showered before anything. I wrote about that. I wrote yesterday while I was
dressed and her hands where doing my hair.

It's all coming back.

I finished with the journal.

She went back to the bathroom, but left the masks. I wanted it; I wanted to not
be able to see my face. Keep it hiding.

Change it.

I took the mask and put it on before she came back. I lied and let her believe
I hadn't seen myself.

I wish I had not seen myself.

I asked her if she wanted me to curl my eyelashes. I wanted her to do it. It
was something that I had to do myself. Whenever she tried to do it, I closed my
eyes. It was just like the times when I tried to put the contact lenses on. The
eyelashes got in the way and, when touched, I involuntarily closed my eye.
I had to do it myself.

I tried it. I stood in front of the mirror and got closer to get a better look.
I can't remember what exactly, but there was something I didn't like. I felt
hideous.

No, I felt wrong.

Later that same day, her phone slip through my fingers and landed on my lower
lip, breaking it. If I felt ugly, now I would look the part.

Was I scared yesterday when I took that eyelash curler and went to the
bathroom? Was I scared it would be that same face? How did I do it?

I put the mask on again and we continued.

We took pictures. I of her with her hands over her head and her eyes closed.
She of me with my mouth going down on her and only the mask showing. The two of
us together—black and white—kissing, touching; being one.

We had talked about the idea of taking pictures or recording. It would be
something that maybe I'd do, and even enjoy. Later, sobered up, I knew
I wouldn't want to see it.

We did see the twenty-something pictures. We were ready to sleep and saw them
and commented them.

There were some I didn't like. There where others she didn't. Some she liked,
and some I did.

I saw them on different times throughout the day.

We woke up in the early morning. She showered first and later I did. I tried to
sleep a couple more minutes but I couldn't. I tossed and turn like the couple
of days before.

I grabbed the phone on the night table and looked for new messages or
notifications. There was nothing new so I opened up the reddit app.

I touched the refresh button. I can't remember the title but it was something
from 4chan. It was a joke, but I didn't read the green text. Instead, I saw
a familiar picture.

_I've seen this picture_, I thought.

I remembered as soon as I started reading.

_Why did the tranny stepped in front of the truck?_ _Because she wanted to be
a real grill._

She did it. Now she is dead.

### Friday, October 16th, 2015 "If you get ready in my house and put on the
make up... are you not nervous of being seen by my father?"

Time flies as we stand and look. We have only one night left.

The coursework is over by now. Tomorrow we'll return to Tijuana. Just a couple
of hours for unpacking and shaving again and I'll have to leave for her house
to get ready for the party.

The excitement has been evolving into a different kind of anxiety.

I don't have the costume. I ought to get ready in her house. I can't leave my
house in just a blouse and a skirt. That's not a costume. That's women's
clothes.

Why do I want it so much? What part of it calms me?

Not only that. I can't even think of being seen by my parents. I think of
escaping from the house to go outside. I'll be with both known and unknown
people. I'll most surely be looked, pointed at, and laughed at by the end of
the night.

What part of it am I excited about?

She woke me today. Was it her fingers or her lips?

The day in the university was short. There were some videos, a couple of names
of articles, and the rest of the psychological tests. The certificates were
ready but Catherine's had a mistake.

We looked for what to eat. There was a Ciabatta place in front of the hotel.
Next to it, there was a little italian restaurant that makes empanadas and
choripan. I tasted it in Guadalajara.

There will be a conference in Guadalajara next year. 1200 MXN until the end of
the year. Four days. The hotel is cheap at 700 MXN for the night. We thought
about the future. It's different wondering about what will happen next without
that familiar pressure.

My back is feeling better. Am I getting used to the relief of everything?

Liliana asked Catherine how she was after having said everything and crying.
She was thrown in her chair, with her arms over her knees and the head dropped.

"I feel tired", she said.

She looked like it. She looked just like a person after a long workout with the
tiredness pulling her body to the ground.

"The work is done, now it's time to rest", told her Liliana.

I did it now, too. I don't know what to do or feel.

With what do I fill now this empty hole that remains where my secret hid?

Is it that what scares me about tomorrow?

We were in La crepería sitting on the couch at the corner of the unlighted
room. We looked at yesterday's pictures once again.

They weren't yesterday's. Yesterday we went to the Mexican place where we drank
Margritas and I ate a green pozole from Guerrero.

It's been two days since the pictures. Catherine put one as display picture in
her instagram account. She has my same familiar need of sharing it with
someone; of wanting it to be seen.

They played a song before the live band started with the show. Crazy, from
Aerosmith. I remember liking that video. The scenes came to my mind like an old
memory.

There is history surrounding the music video. I would show it to Catherine
later. It made me feel funny whenever I saw it. I would look for it and see it
repeatedly. There was something in it I was drawn to, something that made me
feel queer inside.

By breaking end of night, we lied on the bed with her tablet watching music
videos. I played her that one, and then we played the t.a.t.u. one with the
russian girls kissing under the rain.

"Was it because of the two girls?" She wondered outloud before I said anything.
There are suggestive scenes.

I've never liked porn videos. When I was younger, I looked for something
different. What I was shown didn't make anything to me. That Aerosmith
video—seeing the blonde girl with her skirt and her blouse; seeing her with Lyv
Tyler in the hotel room getting ready; them getting ready to go to the club,
one dressed in men clothes and the other dancing on the pole. I liked them,
both women.

Catherine's video was the first one she saw that made her feel doubts. Even
before Nayeli, she looked at that video and wanted that, some girl in skirt and
blouse to kiss under the rain.

"I liked it, too. I used to look at it and feel confused, intrigued." I told
her. "I thought I liked her, but again I confused the feeling of want someone
and wanting to be that person. I thought it would be impossible to be her"

"But you are now, you are my uniformed girl whom I kiss under the rain."

### Saturday, October 17th, 2015 Today there were pictures again.

Yesterday we went to Hooters after I finished writing in my journal while she
was asleep. We put on our clothes and we left.

I am sitting at home in front of my monitor, typing on my usual keyboard. The
day has come and I won't use the clothes in our house. I think I'm going to
change pants. I'm wearing jeans right now and thinking of what will I do if
I don't do it.

What if I change my mind? What will I do or wear?

Everything is ready. The bus was late and we left Mexicali at 14h. My parents
picked my up from the bus station before Catherine's father arrived.

We did some stops. I got here a couple of minutes after 17h.

I showered and shaved.

I didn't shave well enough. I don't look good.

I have this dark cloud of thoughts from which rains phrases of hate.

I won't look.

They will laugh. Everyone will say something and someone will do something.

I've looked at myself.

I have reasons to think I'll be fine. I want to do this.

Tonight I'll sleep alone again.

We didn't see any familiar face in the restaurant.

The burger had cheese in it. I ate it anyway.

I told Catherine how there was a time in my life where I hated pickles, mayo
and cheese.

I ate her pickle. I had my fries with mayo instead of ketchup. I didn't return
the burger.

After finishing our food, we went to the supermarket and bought condoms.

There was only a flavoured one left, vanilla. The one before was chocolate.

The cheapest kind of trojans in the supermarket were 49 MXN. We almost picked
those when I saw the 5 MXN ones.

We payed and went back.

The days before there had been a lot of german people. Blond and tall people.

How is Johanna? There has been months since we have talked.

Is her mother ok?

Is she?

Yesterday there were Sonoran students instead. When we returned there was
a group of them outside, screaming and drinking. Some talked to us but I didn't
hear what they said. I ignored them. They made me think of the mexican girls in
Portugal.

"Don't let her slip through your fingers. She's a great girl, there are not
a lot like her", told me one of them referring to Johanna.

"She has a boyfriend."

"...So what?"

Johanna didn't go to Portugal. That exchange happened in Granada.

Helena was in Portugal.

We bought a bottle of water and returned, finally, to our hotel room.

We showered together.

No, I did it first while she cleaned up the room.

I waited in the bathroom until she finished showering and then she covered my
eyes and guided me. We touched each other.

She tied my hands and my legs, then I did hers.

She put make up on me.

We took pictures.

I curled my eyelashes and she put make up on my face.

I looked at myself.

She put the mascara and then the eyeliner. She didn't like it so we cleaned it
off. The form of my eyelid doesn't go well with it.

"You should try the pencil, but that you have to do it yourself."

I did.

Then, lipstick.

I did see myself. I saw me, again, at the very end. It wasn't something bad. It
was new, different.

It wasn't, though, the change I hoped.

She put the mask on me and then we did what we do.

We took pictures in front of the mirror. Of our faces, our smiles, our eyes.
I kissed her cheek and left a red signature on it. Everything is captured.

I would... both of us would not see them until the end.

We touched each other. Everything went well.

"After this, can we try penetration?" She asked.

It was an innocent question. It wasn't her fault. It wasn't mine either. I lost
the erection.

I don't want them, I don't ususally need them. I do need them for keeping the
condom on. And I do need a condom for penetrating with it.

There was something in the idea that I didn't want. The vanilla one that I was
wearing was a pain to take off.

I said yes, anyway.

I tried to put on another one and asked for her help.

She penetrated me, but I hesitated. If I orgasm, I wouldn't be able to even
try.

She did it anyway.

And I got one.

I tried putting one of the new ones, but it was impossible.

I was 20 again in a room with Monica trying to put it on.

I was a man again. I was a man with make up on his face, a broken penis, and
a confused mind.

I couldn't do anything to avoid crying.

After that, we saw the pictures.

Like the time before, we saw them, one by one, and said _yes_ or _no_.

I've never liked a picture of me as much as I liked several of those. I saw my
smile and I saw my laugh. I saw my eyes and, in them, I saw myself.

Will I look like that ever again?

### Sunday, October 18th, 2015 "There will be two Harry Potters in the party."

"No, but... she's Hermione."

I dressed the part, but not at home.

I left with the bag on my shoulder and the clothes in it. Dark pants with
squares and a red shirt. Those were the clothes I wore until I got to
Catherine's house. I was nervous. I changed pants because of it. Maybe, if
I didn't like it, I could put the pants on with the blouse and it wouldn't look
abnormal. It was my backup plan.

I arrived at her house a little after I confirmed my presence with a text
message. Catherine waited for me outside and pointed towards her porch.
I understood that she wanted me to park just in front of her house.

I was sixteen again, failing the driving test. I was sixteen again, breaking my
mother's flower pot. I didn't know it, yet.

I couldn't get in and she waved her hand. I didn't listen but knew something
was wrong. I felt the bump as I pulled out.

I finally rolleed down the window and she was irritated. I had knocked down the
rocks of her porch with my car.

Why did I try to get in? She never told me to put it in there; I could had just
parked on the sidewalk. I didn't roll down the window, I didn't listen.

"Will your father tell you off?"

"Not me."

Now he would see me all dressed up.

_The faggot drives like a woman, too._

I was sad. I felt anger coming from her in her sight, her words.

How would I dress now?

Even her dog was mad at me again.

It passed off.

I took the clothes out and put them on one by one.

The thights, the blouse and the skirt. _Tucked in or out?_

The necktie. _No, too tight, a little looser._

She did my hair.

It was time for the make up. She wanted me to do it. I did it almost all the
day before. Except I didn't.

I wanted to look good, acceptable. Now I'd be seen.

I sat where she did my hair and she did help me with the make up.

The shave was imperfect. There were spots here and there like little hints of
the _truth_ I'd try to hide. I knew the make up wouldn't cover them all. I just
want them to go unnoticed.

I could do my own eyes. I've seen how.

The phone rang and she had to pick it up. It was her father. Her mother had
told him to go home right now. She was alone with me. There were messages from
her, too, to her cellphone, asking her why wasn't she answering.

She knew they didn't need her.

We took pictures and she posted them on Facebook where Eusebio and Jessica had
posted theirs. _Harry and Hermione_, it said.

The capes were not on. I was smiling. I think I wasn't wearing any lipstick.

Would Monica see the picture? She had stalked Catherine's posts before. She
looked at my stuff just as I looked at hers. Would she look at Catherine's in
search of a glimpse of me? Would it change a thing?

We drove. Her father didn't see me.

We would make a stop at an Oxxo first.

It's not Halloween yet; people did notice us.

There were girls and other people who looked our way as we entered. They
smiled, they snickered. We looked our parts. We went looking for what we were
there.

Two other girls were dressed in costumes, too. Catherine answered their
question and they turned, seeing the both us. It was Andrea and her friend from
work.

She presented me with the wrong name.

"The sexes have changed. They don't matter now." Something like that was said
by someone.

I had glasses and looked as a man still.

The cashier make his observation about being to Harrys and Andrea's friend
corrected him in a whisper.

Was that what I wanted?

There were almost no people at the party. Andrea's boyfriend received us and
recognized me.

Why was I surprised? Everyone would do. I had to remind myself it was just
a fantasy. I took off my glasses as if I were unable to see people, they might
be incapable of seeing me, too.

I looked for our friends out the window. Without my glasses, I saw only bodies.
I mistook them a couple of times.

I looked again and I heard a word that sounded like a mistake again.

"Iván, why don't you say _Hi_?" They recognized me, too.

They weren't surprised. We had said we'd go as Hermione and Harry. They sure
had suspected it.

Paola, on the other hand did make a face that I was able to see since she was
just right in front of me. Was it surprise? Was she going to make a comment?
Was it just all in my mind?

They took pictures. All of us did. A couple of them are on Instagram. People
commented and liked those and the one Catherine posted in her house.

I liked them but not as much as the ones from the day before. One of them is on
my phone right now. Another is on my own Instagram.

Will it be seen? Will it be liked?

Will Monica look at that one?

Does it show _sufficient physical changes_?

_We all wear masks and the time comes when we cannot remove them without
removing some of our own skin._

### Monday, October 19th, 2015 "You are a couple of pretty girls."

Catherine came to pick me up. She was late because of traffic in the main
Boulevard. She took a different way and got to my house 15 minutes before the
start of her session.

There would not be Psycholinguistics class today.

I woke up early. Maybe rising in the morning turned itself into an habit.

The picture of us in masks was public. It got only five likes. People saw it
but they ignored it.

Did they? Maybe they didn't ignore it.

What could they say? What reaction could they have gotten?

I wanted to avoid reactions. I wanted to say things and let them know without
me seeing their reactions. Now that I got that, I started to want the thing
I was avoiding.

I posted another picture of Guimaraes. The one of the church and the statue. It
got several likes. Not much later it surpassed the other one.

Only two people I know liked the masks picture. Catherine was one and the other
one was Anahí.

_My likes are precious_. Anahí had told me before.

I wanted to ask her about it.

_What did you think? What did you feel?_

I wanted to know.

It felt pathetic, the idea of asking the only person from which it got
attention.

I went to sleep with that idea in my head.

I dreamed several things. In one of them we went to the zoo. My grandma and
mother were in there. There was a line to enter. They had to register their
purses.

I can't remember what was the problem. There were other people. The cashier,
the host, and the entrance guy. He started talking about the different lines to
get in. There were different lines for men and for women. He pointed at me and
clarified.

"...and your boy, he has a bit of both. He has to pick a line.

He said something about waiting in a circle and getting in later. My parents
thought the idea was idiotic. Why couldn't I get in the boys' line? I put
a face like it was absurd, too. But on the inside I felt flattered. I felt
noticed.

When I woke up, the idea of asking Anahí wasn't so absurd anymore.

It wasn't just that. I wanted to say something else. I wanted to tell her of my
name.

Then I settled on only mentioning the picture.

I thanked her for the like, but I didn't ask anything about it. Again, I put
myself in front and offered myself, but did not asked what I wanted.

That had to change. It has to change soon.

I accompanied Catherine to her therapy. She gave notice that she would arrive
a little late. It didn't matter, she told me. The next two hours after her
session are when Lilliana goes to eat.

She entered and her session started. She could talk about what happened in
Mexicali or Saturday in the party. It could be about the messages of her
mother. It could be about a lot of things. And of a lot of things she talked
about while I waited outside.

I played with my Game Boy. I lost another pokemon. It's funny how now the
little losses hurt a little different.

Eusebio liked the picture. I noticed it and liked it.

Did he notice?

What did he see?

What did he think?

Was I recognized? Did he see me?

I didn't tell Anahí, but I did tell my brother about my costume when I arrived
home.

We skipped Vinicio's class again. Will that get us in trouble?

We went to the beach. We ate pizza and then went to Argana. The menu is
different. There are new plates, too. When the server asked us if we wanted
a hookah, he asked to see our ids. It's been a long time since the last time we
went.

My brother will go in a costume to a party the day before Halloween.

I showed him my cape and he asked if he could borrow it. He'd play me a match
in Smash for it, he proposed.

"What pants did you wear?"

I told him I wore no pants.

"We went as Harry and Hermione."

"Which one were you?"

I didn't answer.

Was my silence answer enough?

Did he laugh? Did he say anything at all?

When I accepted his offer and won the match, I asked him if he was going as
Hermione.

He told me people would laugh at him.

Nobody laugh at me, did they? I found funny how that was his concern until
I remembered it had been my worry, too.

I didn't tell Anahí my name but I told, kind of, my brother about my costume.

I told almost everything to Paola.

"What's important is that you know about the support from the people you love."

I am not alone.

### Tuesday, October 20th, 2015 "I saw it. You were also wearing make up,
weren't you, Iván?"

I drove to school. I woke up from a dream and replied to Catherine's message as
soon as it got in.

My grandmother had disappeared my pillow and there was the heart again. That
frilly and lacey white heart-shaped pillow.

I hated it.

Why do I always dream of selecting my clothes and going to the bathroom to take
a shower?

Choosing my clothes, the outfit that I'll wear. There is a significant
symbolism in the clothes I choose. It was the first sign I noticed about what
I wanted, they were the first changes that were noted in me.

And the bath? What does it mean to clean myself? Is it a renovation? Cleanse?

It's the moment in the day were I am naked and most vulnerable. It's when
I look at myself.

I replied to her text and, just like those dreams, took my clothes and got
ready.

I'd have to be early in school for the presentation of the research in which
I participated. Catherine sent me a snapchat where she had liked herself in the
reflection.

I answered with something, but I can't remember what.

After returning from the bathroom, I took another one in underwear.

We left at the same time but I got earlier to school.

Today was one of my best days yet I am just on the computer. I've been tempted
by the idea of going to bed and sleep. I am tired, I am exhausted. I feel no
energy or will.

Tomorrow I'll wake up early again; the next day, too. It will be my next
session since telling my mom; and Paola; since wearing the mask, or putting on
make up; since going to the party, or posting the picture.

A lot of things have happened that maybe I have not processed yet.

In a conversation with Anahí, she said we were not the ones who mentioned the
pokemon condoms. She used the male plural pronoun to refer to us. I didn't
noticed until later.

Why does it hurt?

I hate being so soft and delicate. I should be able to bear it. It's the right
ones The natural one. I am a man. I am male.

They gave me a survey in Vinicio's class. One like the ones we had to do in our
second year, three years ago. Seventy items and two identification questions.
_Age_ and _sex_.

I got angry whenever they asked for my gender because I didn't dare to put
_female_. Now that they put sex and gave me the possible answers, I felt caged.

Could I not answer? What would happen if I'd let it blank?

What would happen if I were to answer what I wanted?

With gender I can argue that it's true. My gender is one thing that they can't
verify. But sex is natural, sex is something I can't hide with clothes or make
up. Not even between my legs can I hide it. It's there and it'll still be
there.

I didn't mind it... I don't.

Not yet.

I wanted to ask Anahí's thoughts of the picture. To learn of someone's
reaction.

While I told Paola my secrets and opened the communication in our friendship,
Catherine confirmed the offer they had given that day. We could told them
whatever we wanted, any theme. Would they reciprocate? Could it be really any
theme?

They said yes and started talking about the masks. Eusebio saw the picture.
I was wearing make up, wasn't I?

He used the male adjective and my name. He doesn't have any reason to not use
them. That's the name he knows. I haven't asked to be called anything else or
in any other way.

I did ask him to refer to me in the exact same way. He is doing what he knows,
what was asked of him.

It still hurts.

I liked that picture because I liked how I looked. Because I saw it and, in it,
those same eyes that I've imagined and dreamed about. I saw the face
I sometimes find in the mirror. I saw a face which I could wear and live with.
It fit. It wasn't a woman's face. It was _my face_.

And with his question, reality hit. It was the picture of Iván and Catherine.
It was the picture of a boy and a girl wearing make up and playing with gender.

The same way as when we went out as Harry and Hermione, everyone just saw Iván
and Catherine in disguise, playing with gender once again.

It's like I'm playing with fire and I have burned myself.

### Wednesday, October 21st, 2015 "Do you like it? For me or for you?"

Catherine would pick me up. We would go to the school in the morning and have
the rest of the day until our class in the afternoon.

In the middle of the night I woke up and changed my shorts for pants and took
a blanket from my closet. The warmth was cozy and let me rest more than the
other first half of the night. I didn't want to wake up. I didn't want the day
to start.

I am tired, I need to sleep. I saw the message from Catherine and asked her at
what time I needed to rise. I had 20 minutes more and made use of even the last
second of them.

I showered and got ready. I opened the door for her without my shirt inviting
her in.

I can't remember if it was before or after.

No, first, we went to the school.

We met with Victor outside of the elementary school and with the sub-principal
in her own office.

Tomorrow we will apply the survey in the morning. 8h we will be there to start.
Today I had to get up early and I dreaded the idea of having therapy at 10h.
Tomorrow I'd have to wake up 2 hours earlier.

In less than 20 minutes we were all set and out of the school. We came back to
my house.

Again, I let her in.

We changed our tops.

I took two pictures of us. In one of them I'm over her. Both of our tops are
open. She's wearing the red flannel with black squares and I her dark red
sleeveless blouse, with the black strap loose on my shoulder. My small breasts
covered by a black bra are over her purple one. One of her breasts is covered
by the palm of my hand. Our lips are sealed in a kiss.

I came at the end. She finished twice before.

We put our clothes back on. We were both hungry.

The pharmacy was our next stop. I needed my life pills. I finished today the
last two pills from the three bottles my father bought for me. I bought the new
ones.

We ordered a club sandwich and two wheat waters from the pharmacy's cafeteria.

The pharm lady took my prescription and read it. I then said aloud the name of
the pills.

_Flouxetine_, I called them, as if I was recognizing my bastard child for the
first time.

She grabbed the boxes and gave them to me.

"Are these yours, young man?", asked the cashier.

"Yes, they are his."

Will that be the same exchange when I buy hormones? Or will they read the
prescription and just give them to me?

Will they ask if they're _the young man's_?

Why would a young man need female hormones?

Will I still be a young man? Will I look like one?

Am I one now?

We went to Dax, the store. Catherine wanted to buy a pair of tweezers. We
looked at the eyelash curlers.

She already has one; it wasn't for her. Neither of us said anything, we just
started looking for it.

I had given it a thought, but I said nothing.

I can't remember what we looked for next. Was it the lipsticks or the
eyeliners? After what did we talk about buying things for me too?

We ended up spending more than 300 MXN when she was going only for tweezers. We
bought the card for Anahí. It's for a fifteen year old girl, pink, and talks
about God. She bought the tweezers, something for her nails, and two lipsticks.
I bought the same tweezers, the eyelash curler, an eyeliner, a clear mascara,
a lipstick, and an angrybirds pencil bag to hold everything.

I'm supposed to be relieved of the need to hide myself and be calm to be
exposed as myself. Why do I feel, then, the need to hide this little bag full
of make up inside my underwear drawer?

In the school we exchanged lipsticks after she tried all of them. The last one,
mine, was the lighter. A light pink one. It looked fake and childish. I thought
I would look like a little girl playing to be her mother.

Is that what I am?

I was supposed to take it easy. I should calm down and assimilate all of the
things that have happened.

I didn't ask Anahí about the picture and I haven't said the name to anyone.

Instead, I bought make up and hid it.

With what about the past two weeks will I start tomorrow's therapy session?

Why do I want to show him the picture?

### Thursday, October 22nd, 2015 "I left Iván in his house. He went to therapy
and I returned to my home."

Today is the last time of the week that I'll wake up early.

I was going to go to therapy in the morning, but I ended up having to get up
even earlier to go apply the surveys to the elementary school's children.
Catherine would pick me up after my mother left.

She arrived just on time.

We went in her car to pick up Andie at the Burger King. She was supposed to
arrive at 7h30, but she sent us a text message saying she would be 10 minutes
late.

We had the appointment with the school at 8h. That was the time she called to
tell us the taxi left her a block ahead.

We arrived to the school just in time. I was wearing Catherine's old jeans and
a long shirt. I had my hair tied on my back. I looked normal. It was like any
other day.

I didn't want to apply the surveys. I just wanted to stay in bed and sleep.

We left Andie in a classroom, Catherine and I stayed in the other one. After
half an hour we were done.

Catherine went there to see how things were going. After she came back, I was
the one who went to accompany Andie.

The little kids' eyes were set on me. I could feel their attention burning me.
I met their eyes and saw their curiosity in them. They whispered to themselves.
They smiled and stared even more.

What did they see? How did I look?

Was I not as normal as I had thought?

Catherine drove us back to my house. She, accidentally, stayed behind a red
light in the wrong way. The cars coming our way saw her with scorn. They didn't
played their claxons nor screamed anything. Catherine's uncomfortableness was
felt by all of us.

I would drive to my therapy, so I offered Andie a ride. After leaving her in
Plaza Rio, I drove back towards René's office.

There was a bus stopped letting people in so I drove around it. The sun blinded
me and my foot slipped on the pedals. I accelerated when I meant to break.
I stopped even harder and the tires screamed as the young man ran in front of
me getting out of the way of my coming car.

A woman with her family stopped besides me. The window was rolled down and her
words splashed as dirty water upon my face.

"Girl, you shouldn't be going so fast."

The sunlight was in front of me and the patrol lights on my back. It's siren
told me to get to the side.

I was given a warning and let go.

I didn't show René the picture.

We talked about Mexicali while we waited to the other psychologist to open
another office for him. He forgot the keys for his. I helped him to move around
the couches.

The session was ten minutes longer.

Maybe my phimosis is a way to avoid penetration.

"It's covered then, so it's really like a big clitoris", he suggested about my
penis.

I have advanced a lot and yet I cried several times today because nothing has
really changed. Everything is still the same. I am still the same.

After the session, I drove to Catherine's house and she made me breakfast. We
lied down on her sofa and I fell asleep.

"Sofi", her whispers woke me. We had to leave for class.

I read the conversation she had with Anahí while I was in therapy. They talked
about a lot of things. She told her how she took me, _Iván_, him, to his house
for him to go to his session.

Her words burned me. It were like scolding flames ripping my flesh. I felt the
same thing I did when I read Eusebio's sentence about my picture.

We are a boy and a girl.

I am a boy. I am him, _Iván_.

I felt a huge sadness and hopelessness. I couldn't tell her what I felt because
I didn't know then.

I read her words in the white paper and felt worse.

She sent me a text saying "I love you, pretty girl".

It was a lie.

I was Iván. Iván is neither pretty nor a girl.

Why did she lie?

I felt huge, and heavy, and hideous. I am an ogre covered in shit.

Our patient didn't arrive and we observed another one.

We slept then in the library's parking lot before meeting with Eusebio and
Jessica.

"Did Eusebio show it to you?", someone asked Jessica.

The masks picture was loaded in Eusebio's phone.

"How are you in Instagram?" She asked to look me up.

_Sophie_, I thought, but my mouth knew better.

She looked at the picture and commented about my eyes and my lips.

Who is the one in that picture, Iván or Sofía?

Which of them am I?

### Friday, October 23rd, 2015 "I don't want to be Iván, anymore."

"What will you do first to stop being him?"

"I don't know. I just know I don't want to."

"Do you want to be Sofía?"

"Yes."

"You can start by introducing yourself as Sofía."

Yesterday I told her I wouldn't go to school today. I felt anxious, and sad,
and miserable. I felt guilty, and useless, and weak. I went to bed and that
didn't help with the presentation.

I thought about the day, everything that happened. The police, the children's
eyes, the woman's comment, Jessica's reaction to the picture, Catherine's
comment.

"It's a great step forward."

I have done a lot lately, but everything is still the same.

I am still the same. It doesn't matter what I do, I am still Iván. Even to
Catherine, it seemed.

Catherine talked with me about our graduation. Her friend Eunice cancelled on
her because of economic reasons. She would still pay her but she won't go. It
didn't make any sense.

Catherine remembered the feeling that nobody would do things for her the same
way she does for others.

I thought about mentioning myself and the words I had told her once. _I will go
because of you. I want to be with you. I don't want to leave you alone_. I kept
them to myself, but she still remembered. She told me she saw herself holding
my hand the whole party.

I went to sleep with the idea of asking her if she imagined me wearing a long
dress, my eyes painted black, and my lips full and red.

I woke up, fell back to sleep, and woke up again.

I battled with the idea of going or not.

I was scared. What if I failed again? What if the sadness won?

I went to shower and ask Cahterine to come pick me up. She accepted and
I buttoned the shirt in front of the body mirror in my bedroom.

After I did my hair, I decided I'd try to curl my eyelashes. Nobody would
notice it, anyway. Now that would be a good thing. I could do it for me alone.
In the back of my head I thought _even if I wanted them, they would still not
notice it_. I curled them and put on the clear mascara.

Was there a change? Not even I could see difference.

The first class started at 16h. By 15h, Catherine had left her house already.
She sent a picture and several texts letting me know there was heavy traffic on
her way. She was a little late and I wondered if we could get there on time.

It wasn't until she took me back home that she mentioned she had notice
a difference. She did see how my eyes looked a little different.

We gave our presentation before Andie arrived. She entered the classroom
a couple of minutes after we had already finished. She seemed sad, like
something dark was on her mind and something heavy on her chest. She sat in the
back of the classroom. She was gone by the time everyone returned from break.

We did the role-playing. I invited Catherine with my eyes to go ahead and
volunteer. I wanted her to and she considered it, too.

Ana Karen went first and cried when Zayra gave her feedback. I was going to
tell Catherine—again, silently, only with my eyes—when I saw the water in hers.

Something bothered her, but I couldn't see what. It was then that we had
a 5-minute break.

I walked with her and put my arm around her. She was going to go after her.

When Zayra talked about judgement, vulnerability, and accepting compliments,
her words danced around Catherine's head; they surrounded her and taunted her.

We were some of the first ones to come back after break. Zayra asked Catherine
if she was going to pass now, but she confessed how she was feeling.

Hilda was with us, too, and offered us some of her dry peas.

I thought I would hate them.

The four of us talked like we were friends.

Catherine didn't pass in front, but I did.

I was a patient again. A middle aged man who left his family behind to come to
work in a new country.

I was the patient, but it was Ana who cried.

Was it something I said?

I laughed and smiled and made jokes. I, the suicidal trans girl. I, the one who
just yesterday was hopelessly in bed drowning in her own sadness.

Hilda cried, later, after Zayra spoke of her own grief when her father died.

In that moment my phone started ringing and broke the intimate silence. I was
embarrassed and my face was as red as Hilda's.

In Catherine's notes she wrote the title and the date. In the note from when
I passed, I could read _Ana-Sofía_.

### Sunday, October 25th, 2015 I missed it.

I forgot.

55 days was my longest streak.

I was lying on my stomach, with the tablet playing videos where my head should
rest on my pillow. What was it that reminded me?

_Stolen dance_.

The song that reminds me of Portugal.

I wasn't on my bed. I was in Europe once again.

It's late in the night and I can't sleep. I'm sitting on the bus, Consuela next
to me. The ride is long and I'm drowsy.

We already crossed the border to Portugal.

It's so different to how I am used to. There is no line or booths; there are no
police officers who ask questions.

There is just a sign and a change of language. I don't know exactly where it
ends and where it starts.

We are in Guimaraes, the first city we will visit. They dropped all of us in
the _Praça central_. There is a castle building with a huge lettering that says
_Aqui nasceu Portugal_.

I saw Helena, but I don't remember exactly when.

I won't be conscious of her until she takes the picture of Consuela and me
inside of the castle. We want a picture together and she comes and offers to
take it for us. Blonde, thin, hair barely grazing her dark eyes that drown in
her snowy skin.

I was the one who start the conversation.

We are walking towards where we will eat. Polo and Jamal invited the two of us
to eat with them. Polo was already talking to her and I introduced myself.

"Another psychologist", he mocks us.

We eat. We talk and walk. I hear her name, but I won't remember it.

Did she get mine?

We will be put in the same hostel room when we get to Portugal. We will explore
Braga together and she will accompany me to the beach on the last day in Porto.
I'll write of her two years after returning to Mexico and, in this moment,
I have no idea of all of this.

Night comes down on all of us. We have returned to Porto and we have all come
to dinner.

Is she sitting beside me? Does it matter?

We all drink. There is limitless drinks. Pitchers and pitchers of wine and
_caipirinha_.

We are now in the club. We walked here; there were several of us.

Johanna was supposed to come on this trip. I wanted her to be here in Portugal,
but she had to return home because of her family. Her mother is sick.

I am with Helena instead. By now, I know her name. This time I won't forget it.
I have it on my mind when I can barely be.

We are dancing in group, there is Polo and Consuela, some Spanish girls, and
other unimportant people. One by one they start to dissapear in the crowd.

Or are we the ones who go away?

We are alone and dancing. There is music but I can't hear it.

_I want you. We can bring it on the floor. I've never dance like this
before..._

_We won't talk about it. Shouldn't talk about it._

I think of another name and face. And then suddenly I don't.

I think of nothing while we get closer and closer.

Little by little we go towards the floor as I pull her hands and slowly drop
down. Without letting off we come back up and get even closer. There is now
nothing between us.

For the first time in months my head is blank. I think of nothing when I put my
lips between hers. She reciprocates and a light burns.

I think of a name, but it's not hers. I think of a face that it's not hers.

We keep dancing and I kiss her again to erase Monica from my mind.

I kiss her lips but Monica's kiss me back.

I push Monica away and pull Helena close.

The three of us are dancing in the dark.

I whisper something in her ear and Helena makes the music stop. There is
complete silence when she asks me to go outside to talk.

"This is not what I want."

Which of the two of them is the one who is talking to me outside the club?

I'll spend nights debating with the idea of talking to her or not, thinking of
the picture of her hopping in the water and smiling as I shoot her with her own
camera.

I think of her notebook. I think of our trip, our encounters, and that little
notebook.

I think of her words and I remember mine.

It's too late. The clock kept running. Time caught up with us and she left. We
said our goodbyes.

Time caught up with me again, and the day passed, and I lost. I lost my 55
days.

_I talked with my mother and she knows everything about me._

A little less than 2 months, just like the time I haven't talked with Monica.

Should I break that streak of silence, too?

### Monday, October 26th, 2015 _Longest streak: 55 days._

It's over. Yesterday was the first day after the forgotten one.

I wrote the words in the first minutes of the Sunday, so I was already done.

I wrote that sentence in every screen in my house. It was in my phone, in the
tablet, in the monitor of my room. I would open the little book that covers my
phone and see the sentence with the full intention of sending it out.

I would close the book and change my mind.

What was stopping me? Of what was I so afraid?

I lost count of the number of times I would turn the screen on and off.

Luis invited me to play with him. I opened the tablet and clicked the send
button. I tried to forget about it and left the room.

The match wasn't over yet when I couldn't and returned to it.

"And how are you feeling?"

"Are you a couple now?" I then asked her.

"Yes."

What was I expecting? I am in a relationship of months already. We have slept
together and woken in the middle of the night to have sex.

Why does it feel weird inside? I was telling the truth when I told Catherine
I didn't want Monica back.

I don't.

Is it sadness? Disappointment?

I feel bad for her. At the same time, I hope he makes her miserable.

That makes me feel guilty.

Maybe it wasn't the right time to come back and talk.

I sent her a picture of me with my black eyes and the white shirt.

I let Catherine see me in person. We waited outside the theater for Miguel's
sister and the tickets.

I wanted her to see me, too.

Why?

I didn't want her to want me. I wanted her to see me. To look at me and _see_
me.

The back pain woke up with me this morning. Catherine insinuated in a playful
matter that I had just talked with Monica.

Could it be really a factor? I talked with my mom and woke up with pain.
I opened up with Monica and the pain now resurfaced.

I wrote a message to Anahí and sent it.

"I never told you, but I really liked the times you referred to me in feminine.
I don't know if you did it because of Catherine, or because you just wanted to,
or, I don't know, whatever. It felt really nice. Thank you."

I had the answer of that message I had sent to Johanna. I told her how I had
been thinking of her and wondering how she has been.

I didn't tell her I remembered her because of Helena nor that I was worried
about her mother. I thought that if something had happened and she wanted me to
know, she would share it. In her reply there wasn't a mention of her mother so
either nothing happened or it's not of my business.

She noted my absence from Facebook.

I was in front of Eusebio and Jessica.

I am here, in the Foodtruck garden. We are seating in a wooden table. Catherine
is by my side, Jessica in front of me, and Eusebio by her side.

Jessica has started talking about the elephant in the room.

I am crying.

No, I haven't started yet.

I just started opening up and sharing. I mention Facebook, how I deleted it.

"I noticed", Jessica commented.

Like an observation to herself, a comment that wasn't meant to be listened.

I did listen.

It was meaningful to me. Nobody was supposed to notice. I was invisible.

Johanna, with another life in another country—in another continent—noted my
absence.

Did she look for me?

If I died would she know?

If I changed, would she notice?

I started opening to everybody and yet the thought of telling her had not
crossed my mind.

What would she say? What would she think?

Would I expect a reaction? Would she even care at all?

Would it matter?

Did I think about all of this when I read the message or was it after we drank
with Hilda?

Vinicio didn't come to class.

When we were waiting, Iván told us he had just turned 25.

A little after we finished the survey of burnout, I got these urges. I wanted
the bitter taste of a cold beer. I didn't want a cocktail or something mixed.
I wanted a dark beer.

I told Catherine and we invited Hilda to come with us.

We talked about things. Chile; Spain. Maybe there it was that I thought about
it.

Just yesterday, Catherine reminded me how she could see herself telling Hilda
about me.

I wanted to tell Anahí about my name, but didn't.

Is that the feeling I have in my belly right now? Is that the urge I feel?

Or is it something else that I have not said what needs to come out?

### Tuesday, October 27th, 2015 "My girlfriend..."

"...my girlfriend"

"My Cathy..."

"My Sofi."

"My black soul."

I had a test.

What happened? What was the thing from today?

I have all the memories. All of what happened I have it displayed inside my
head, but I can't focus on anything.

There is a cut on my elbow that is stinging as I rest my arm in the chair. Two
lines like a scratch of a little mouse. It was the bite of the disposable razor
as I cleaned it from the long hairs of my legs.

I couldn't get myself together to get out of bed.

Catherine and I chatted with Anahí.

I tried to tell her yesterday about my name but I didn't.

In the night I asked Catherine how would she say it.

"I'd tell her first about the name I used for you...", she explains.

We are in Ensenada. We have come to the meeting for the students who'll leave
the city to study abroad.

There are groups of us, some will go someplace within the country and others
will go outside.

I had this idea of actually meeting people. Meet face to face and get to know
each others' names and faces with the other people who'll go to Spain,
specifically to Salamanca.

Who are the other 9 people? Who is the one who took my first place with the
scholarship?

I haven't meet a single person with whom I'll go there. Not one.

I won't meet anyone here.

Everything is just conferences and talks. Old experiences of the ones who've
returned.

I am disappointed.

I hear them and look at the pictures of the contest. I feel anxious and full of
emotion and anticipation.

I think of how I might one day give my own talk or present my own pictures of
Spain.

In the future, I won't end up giving a talk but I will send a picture. It won't
win.

Outside, after hearing of the visa and the requirements to enter Spain,
I isolate myself.

I want to be alone but I don't know exactly why.

Have I broken up with Monica, yet?

Yes, we broke up in the summer.

Am I still sad because of her? Or am I just lonely?

I see Catherine talk with someone from Arica, Chile.

I force myself to meet at least one person.

I get close to this girl who went to A Coruña. She has another girl by her
side. One is from Mexicali and the other from Galicia.

I fall in love with the girl's accent. I could hear her all day. I imagine her
whispering something in my ear in the shadow of the night.

I talk with this girl from Mexicali and hear her experience. I ask her
questions and get answers in return.

I'll add her later to Facebook. I still don't know she knows my cousin Xennia.
She'll comment on my pictures while I'll be in Europe.

Her name is the one with which Catherine will confuse mine. She'll call me
_Abril_ one time and later it will become a playful nickname.

"...then, I would say something about how despite it's still a difficult thing
to ask for, it's been harder to keep hearing and being referred by a name that
feel strange and foreign.

"I would tell her I found another name with which I identify. I would tell her
I have been wondering if she could use it, too."

She answered early in the morning and her text was the first thing I read when
I woke up.

The two of them were talking and I introduced myself to their conversation. We
were talking about Halloween and what we'll do this Saturday. Anahí said
something about her green card and my sentri.

"Tú sí estás jodida", she then noted referring to my visa.

I read it and it was, different. I felt this kind of warm inside my chest and
smiled as I read it again.

We were talking with her again while we waited for Vinicio after Zayra's test.
He showed us a session of him treating a schizophrenic woman. It was
interesting. I liked this class. I would never had imagined before today that
I would end up using Gestalt theory or Solution-centered therapy.

I didn't remember today's course.

We ate tomato and clam juice with fruit and little fried noodles. Catherine
asked for a free celery.

We bought a wrap for the both of us. There was another guy making them, but we
ended up with the usual one.

Manuel Mejía­gave the lecture. It was nice, I found it interesting.

There was a lot about stats that I didn't remember anymore.

I fucking hated the speech Lupita gave because of the absence.

I was one from the people who stopped coming. I was not even a little guilty
about it. I wanted to speak, yet again I felt this knot in my throat. Will
I actually send an email about it?

I felt, though, the need to say it later when I told Manuel about the reason we
stopped going.

He smiled awkwardly and asked us that the important thing—or at least the thing
he was more interested in knowing—was if today's session was how we imagined.

We left the hall around 20h30, but Catherine and I didn't exit the parking lot
until two hours later.

One thing after another led us to talk with Hilda.

She knows about my antidepressants and I know about her relationship.

I have changed, she noted.

I do feel different.

This is not the change I want.

I shaved three times today. I did four passes with the razor on my face and
they weren't enough. It doesn't matter how deep I try to cut, the little black
spots don't disappear.

### Wednesday, October 28th, 2015 "Awkward question, but... do I keep calling
you Iván... or how? or..."

Is everything gonna come easily for me?

Had I already forgotten about telling her?

I saw her typing in the conversation, but never wondered that it would be about
this.

No, I am lying, I did think of it.

When I read it and confirmed it, I felt excited. I was waiting for that.

Why did she ask?

Has she talked about me with Isaias?

Maybe.

He told her how she could try to gain contacts from _the community_ when we
were talking about going to Pride.

"Monica, what a bitch!"

What did I feel when Anahí said that?

Other times I would have defended her. Make up some excuse for her. Maybe say
something about how it was difficult to assimilate. _I was her boyfriend, her
partner._ _It was a sudden change._

I felt none of that when I read it. I accepted it.

No, it surprised me. I thought of her as a bitch for a lot of different
reasons.

But was that one one of them?

I remember feeling angry with her. She denied me. I felt sad. She talked of
_her woman_ about Luis. I was furious. It was just a game to her but to me it
was a reality. It was a cruel and sadistic reality.

"No, not Iván anymore.

"Sofía."

Catherine would later come pick me up.

She arrived, but I wasn't completely ready. I was dressed and my hair was done.
I was shoe-less, with the eyelash-curler in my hands when the phone vibrated.
I took the eye pencil and wondered about something.

I wanted to surprise her. I was wearing all black and wanted my eyes to match.
The shirt was lying flat over my mattress. I finished with both eyes and put
the shirt on as I went for the door. I showed her the flipflop on my foot and
invited her in.

We lied on my bed and kissed.

I'm hers and she's mine.

The jeans were in my backpack and my phone was on the bed. A darker spot
appeared on my leg. I got to the bathroom to get clean.

We took off to the usual hookah place. There was a lot of traffic and
I suddenly realized I had forgotten my phone. It was both my phone and my
money.

We went back and I ran for it. We took a different way this time.

We entered and I didn't feel the eyes on me this time.

I didn't care.

Whether they noticed or not, what difference would it make?

I thought about staying like this even for the class.

I would change my mind later.

There is a picture of our food, her gyro, my burger and our Tabbouleh. There is
a another picture of me lying on my back. The view from my neck, over my chest
to my raised legs. There is different one of her with me by her back, tying my
hair and smiling.

Do we look like ourselves? I can't fathom the idea of looking like me and still
being recognized.

She touched me. She touched me when we were on my bed, then as we lied on the
pillows, and another time when she drove us back to school.

Finally, when she found a parking spot in the opposite side from the faculty
I returned her the favor. I caressed her and slid two fingers inside of her.
She helped me to give her pleasure.

I saw how she closed her eyes and the car gave little jumps. I whispered in her
ear how everyone would see us. The guard might come whenever she does. Even if
nobody were to see us right then, we would go to class and we would smell like
this. Everyone would smell the sex from us and they would know what we did.

I changed clothes and we walked towards the classroom.

René called me to change the time of our next session.

I'll wake up tomorrow early in the morning to drive Miguel to school and then
I'll have one more hour of sleep.

I didn't took notes. Why should I?

There is only 4 weeks of classes left and then everything will be over.

_It's just school._

I used to say that phrase and it had a whole different meaning.

School will end. Life as a student, as a child.

Life as Iván ended for another person now.

Anahí now knows. Anahí asked and I told her. Does it count like me asking her?

Will I keep talking to Monica?

Will I ask her, too? Or will I demand it?

Hilda spoke about setting limits. Am I ready to put one and actually letting
her go?

### Thursday, October 29th, 2015 "You are in the process of becoming _Sofía_,
for that you have to mourn everything associated to _Iván_"

I looked for Monica—I needed her and wanted her close because she's the last
meaningful thing that links me to a life of normalcy.

I peeked into my therapy log.

There are just three or four sessions left until I complete the 100 I need.

What will happen when I finish?

Will he still see me? Is the price going to stay the same?

Should I ask to be referred to somebody with more experience?

"You will not take them for life. You will be taken off them moderately, over
time."

There was a phrase I thought but didn't mention.

I talked about the streak of my journal. There was a subtle reminder of the
days I had been taking the medication. It was an accidental log of the changes
of my life that had been occurring.

I lost the streak at 55 days and I am just back to 4. It's more than 60 days
that I've been on life pills.

A lot of changes have happened. I am full of life and action and emotion.

_You are anesthetized emotionally and paralyzed behaviorally._

It was a fit-all cliche phrase to say during the first sessions. I heard it as
a cute description of my life. It wasn't until recently that I noted the
meaning behind it.

I've had a huge advancement. I laugh, I love, I talk and share, I ask and look
for help, I am. My hair is longer, my waist is thinner, my clothes look
baggier, my eyes fuller, and my smile more sincere.

Emotionally and physically I've had a lot of changes. More than 2 months of
changes.

Some could say I am not the same person I was when I started.

Am I unrecognizable?

How different would the changes had been if instead of these pills I had been
given prescription for a different type of medication. What if we would have
attacked the problem from another direction?

I am sure I would have had a lot of different changes.

Would I be more or less the same?

Would I be happy?

Could I enjoy it?

I packed lunch for Catherine and me.

There was heavy rain in the early morning. I don't know at what time I fell
asleep and when exactly I woke up. I stood up and put on pants. I covered
myself with the sheets.

My mother and Luis' screams and arguing woke me up like old times. It was 5h.
I stayed in bed half awake and listened to my father worrying I wouldn't be up
to drive Miguel. He opened the door and reminded me.

"Do you feel ok? Does your head hurt?"

"No, it's just that it's 5 in the morning"

I didn't sleep again until I came back from driving him.

On the way back I talked with myself. I imagined how it would be asking
Eusebio, Jessica and Paola to refer to me as a woman.

I made a mental draft of how I would say it, what words, what before what, with
what intention. Would I mention the name? I wouldn't ask for it. I won't deny
them I want them to use it, but I'll be perfectly clear about how I don't want
to ask them yet.

I am not ready to hear it if it's not sincere. I don't want to associate it
with the idea of being seen as a man.

I fell asleep with those words in my head, in my throat, dancing in my lips.

I took the coats and the chicken salad inside the Xochicalco University tote
bag.

I drove to therapy and waited outside the office.

There was a blonde woman waiting, too.

René opened the door alone. There was a tissue on his hand, he had just dried
his hands. He may had just finished using the toilet.

I spoke about Lupita and the Test. I talked about Anahí and Monica.

I talked more about how I really feel about Monica. I am not angry anymore.
I felt sad for her, but at the same time I wanted her to suffer for what she
did to me.

My voice broke and my eyes watered as I mentioned the helplessness I felt when
I needed her.

She promised me eternal love and she would not even see me.

I just wanted to be seen.

I asked to see her. After 9 months, she gave me 15 minutes.

I did end up just like Penelope.

Will I forgive her?

What would that mean?

What changes would that bring?

### Friday, October 30th, 2015 "This is the last day of your life. Today you
will die. You have 15 minutes left to live."

I was half-awake when the doorknob turned and the door cringed.

Who could that be? The house should be empty. No one is here.

Is someone in? Has somebody entered?

Luis started talking. He asked a question about computers. I answered and we
kept talking. He repeated the same cookie monster joke about having no cookies
and having no friends. I recorded him and sent the videos to Catherine and
Monica.

I was already talking to both of them. It felt nice again to have my girlfriend
and my best friend back.

Now everything changed, though. My bestfriend became my girlfriend. My
girlfriend is now just my friend. I was a boy and now I am _happy_.

He lied in bed with me and told me how I was adopted. We both laughed.

Later I made breakfast for the both of us.

I was in the shower and, when I finished, I did my hair.

Monica said something about how I lasted a lot in there.

I sent a pic of me with my hair tied.

She said I looked bad. I was hideous.

She repeated it again and again as a joke.

I didn't get sad.

I cleaned myself, let my hair down, and took another picture.

This one I knew I looked good. I liked it. I really did. I sent it to both of
them.

"Ash. You look girly. I mean, pretty. Well girly, too."

I was supposed to fill out the papers about death. I want to be cremated.
I want my organs to be donated. I want a small service with just intimate
people.

A lot of people get sensitive with these topics. I never understood about that.
I am scared of death but I can talk about it, think about it.

Catherine came and parked in front of my house.

She picked a shirt for tomorrow from all the white ones that were lying on my
bed. She took it and we would leave.

I went up to say goodbye to my brother and stayed there helping him with the
second screen.

I left and we went to school.

We have now the paper slip that liberates us from Social Service.

I am seated in class.

Again I ended up alone. I annexed myself to another pair and we worked.
I played two roles and shared how I felt and what I thought.

Now I have my eyes closed. I am breathing and all my body is relaxed.

I am inside a train station. There is a smart car outside, but I choose to
enter. I like trains, they bring me good memories.

I enter and get in the wagon. Nobody is here.

I am just carrying my gray backpack. This is a journey but I don't know where
I am going. The doors close. A voice from the speakers calls for the next
station.

The train goes inside a tunnel and everything is pitch black.

I am not here anymore.

I am inside somewhere. Everything is dark, too, but I am not afraid. I am
drowned in water but I feel comfortable and warm. There is a light and it
scares me. It's unkown, there are sounds and shapes and colors. I feel cold and
the piercing lights scare me. I feel pain and stabs. I cry, I scream. I am
born.

My body is a mistake, but I don't know it yet.

I am back in the train and I feel sad. I see my own body and try to forget
about it. The next station is close. The doors open again.

I am dressed in my uniform as a small boy. I have a heavy bag on my back and
a typing machine on my hand. I feel alone. I am alone. It's ok, I don't mind
it.

I am seated on the stairs outside the PC lab. The teacher Mayra is talking to
me about the sheet of paper I turned in. I wrote in it how I sometimes feel
alone and that I don't have a lot of friends.

This is an exercise she's making because of Andrés. I don't know it and never
will be sure, but he confessed to her how he's depressed and has given thought
to killing himself.

She's worried about me and I'm surprised. Why should she be worried? I am ok.
Sure, I am alone, but I don't mind it.

I don't know yet that something is wrong with me.

I am back in the train. I know what stop is coming next and I am scared. My arm
starts trembling. I have to get off.

I am in highschool. I have a hint of what could be going on with me, but
I pretend I don't know. My hair is long and I have lost a lot of weight.
Somebody loves me but I hate myself.

I want to die. I am in pain. I have no place in this world. Everything is not
black, but a muddy gray. There is not necessarily darkness, but everything is
a little darkened. There is no emotion, no life around me. I am numb and
passive.

I am in my bed crying. I am in my car crying. I am walking to school crying.

I have friends and a girlfriend and I feel more lonely than ever.

My body is trembling and my eyes are full of tears and pain. My respiration is
agitated and violent.

I run towards the station. I hate it here.

I think about what the next station is going to be, but we stop somewhere
first.

I am in the present. Catherine is by my side. I am not sad anymore. I have met
happiness and have met life. I am not alone. I have friends. People that love
me. I opened to them and to my family.

Everyone has told me how they're here for me. For the first time in my life,
I believe it.

The pain is gone, the sadness is gone. I think about the future and my plans.
I think about how I can be myself, start letting people know me, and actually
live. I am excited about the future. I want to get back to the train and think
about all the journey that is left.

Except there is no station anymore. I am in front of a table. There is a chest
with something in there for me. I don't know what's inside, but I don't want
it. I have things to do, things to feel, things to live.

I open it and there is a note in there. It is addressed to me. I start to read
it. I hear its content in Zayra's voice.

My life is over.

I am scared. It can't be.

It's not fair, it's not fucking fair.

20 years living a mistake and now that I found myself everything will end
before I was let to be born and be me.

I am in so much pain I feel the tears rolling and escaping my closed eyelids.

I fall down when I hear I have just 15 minutes left. I don't think of anyone or
anything. In my mind there is just pain, a profound and heavy pain that leaves
me immobile.

It's my fault. I should had made something I should had lived. I should had
known and opened myself.

Now it's too late.

I open my eyes and I am back in the classroom. In front of me, I see a piece of
paper asking me for my epitaph. Still with tears in my eyes, I grab the pencil
and start to write.

_Her life ended just when she was starting to live it_.

We take turns to talk about the activity and our experience. I listen and, when
my turn comes, I talk. I cry in front of my classmates. Zayra listens and tries
to help.

_It's not fair to blame a little child; he did what he could._

I am an adult now and I can fix it. I can look for a solution, she continues.
I should change what I can. Remember this and live by it.

She thanks me for opening up, for sharing. She knows how difficult it is for
me. She mentions the biography I sent her and everything I've been through.

Did I put in there my biggest problem? Could I show myself to her?

Melissa gets angry with my words.

"It's not that I am angry with you." She starts.

"I saw a Melissa talking. I saw myself in you, in your pain."

She's in so much pain. She's hiding it, too. She's been on it for so many
years.

I know what that is.

She asks us to not look at her. She doesn't want to cry.

She is in pain and the air is escaping her.

She vomits everything she's dealing with at us. Without censorship she talks
and talks and let everything out. Everyone is moved and sad. There are people
crying.

Zayra's voice breaks the moment as she intervenes. There is the question.

"Melissa, have you thought about ending everything?"

She wants to escape and go outside, but she stays.

She lets herself be helped. Some friends take turns talking to her.

I talk to her but I feel I made a mistake somehow.

Karen will talk later about herself, too. She's been diagnosed with major
depressive disorder since she was seven.

She cries, too, and I see them both. I am like them.

No, I was.

Iván was.

He was a little boy that did everything he could with a problem that was more
than he could handle. More than most could.

I am not alone anymore and I'll be sure of it when Zayra hugs me and whispers
his name in my ear; when Catherine will talk to me about what she saw, what she
thought and how she felt.

"_I was with her, I picked her up and spent the day with her._ Then
I remembered we didn't kiss. When I heard I had 15 minutes left, I just thought
how I didn't get to kiss you."

One sentence marked my death and another should mark my life.

_My life initiated just when I started living it._

