# 2015 — 22 years old

## November, 2015

### Sunday, November 1st, 2015 _Nessun maggior dolore che ricordarsi del tempo
felice nella misseria._

I am back at 0. I skipped a day. This time it was on purpose.

The first time I lost the streak, I decided to talk to Monica. I thought she
would be back.

_It was my fault she was gone_, I thought.

I avoided her; I distanced myself, isolated me from every person who wanted to
help me. She just was the first one.

I decided to open up to everyone. Why should she be left out?

I was better. The count was back to 0. I could be the one to break the silence.

I did and she replied back. She was back.

The count began again. A new number, a new beginning.

I started the conversations, but she continued them. I told her about
everything. I was myself with her.

I thought she was ready.

She wasn't.

René was right. More than I thought.

Yesterday was the day that I waited for a long time. We planned it since the
beginning of the month. We bought the disguises. We tried them for the party,
but now I would be outside. I would be walking the streets, showing myself,
being vulnerable.

I was scared of this side of the border, the line, the booth, coming back.
I would not be wearing the costume nor any make up. I had to cross the border
wearing different clothes and carrying the costume in my bag.

What would I do when I were to return to Mexico? Wouldn't the officers in
Mexico be more rude? Should I change again just before?

I didn't want to think about those things, so I didn't.

I didn't even think about what I would do in my own house. How would I exit?
How would I come back?

I wore black leggings with the light black sweater on top of the blouse. I was
androgynous enough to not catch attention and would be carrying the least and
lightest extra clothes.

_What are you bringing to the USA?_

In my bag I would just have the skirt and the cape, both of our make up bags,
make up removal wipes, the camera, and our wallets.

"Just our costumes. Do you want to see?" I later answered the officer when he
asked.

"No, I trust you with my life."

My family would cross the border too, but earlier. I had my house all for
myself during the morning. Everything was turning out fine until they left.

I saw myself in the mirror all changed in the ambiguous outfit and I was
surprised at how good I looked.

I liked it. I look normal. Neither manly nor feminine, just normal.

I sent a picture to Cahterine.

Later, I went upstairs for something and decided to send it as well to Monica.

"With exercise pants? Are you kidding? It looks horrible."

It hurt me. She did it again; she kept going.

"Fucking killjoy. I will cross like this because it's light and I don't want to
be wearing a costume. Go fuck yourself. I am just trying to be nice, you big
jerk."

She changed her tone and started asking me questions. When would I change?
Where? I was right, I wouldn't look like my passport picture in a costume.

I was sick of her empty niceness and her fake gentleness.

I had to kill the pink elephant in the room.

I wasn't angry anymore. I just was hurt how she attacked my appearance. It
hurts me, it hurts me more to hear it from somebody else.

"It's just that I don't get use to you referring yourself as a woman. I need
time."

I hadn't asked her to call me that. I had not once mentioned the name. I only
showed her a picture and used certain pronouns.

She had offered me sympathy and support. She had sworn to always have my back.
Now she couldn't even see me.

I knew I would lose friends, but I confessed to her that I missed her. I wanted
to share this new part of my life with her; I missed my best friend. I opened
up like I did with Anahí, Eusebio, Jessica, my mom, and Paola. Like many many
times I had done with her.

"Now I can't deal with that."

I understood. I gave her an out.

"If you want we can keep our separate ways and you can look for me whenever
you're ready, or at all. I'll understand."

She took it and gave back just two letters.

"OK", I echoed.

I decided to skip the day. Make the count back to 0. I don't want to count the
days again or note her absence. I just let this website do that for me.

My tights were torn.

I lost my car keys. I found them plugged in and my battery dead.

When Catherine came to pick me up and I put the new pair of tights, I wanted to
tell her what had happened with Monica. I started but my voice broke. I started
to feel what I was really feeling. I started to hurt again.

She left. It wasn't my fault, but it was because of me.

I knew I'd loose some people. I never thought Monica, the one who promised full
support and unconditional love would be the first to go.

"She needs time." René warned me before. She later confirmed it.

I doubt she will come back.

Yesterday I lost my best friend.

When exactly was it when she lost her boyfriend, her potential husband and
father of her kids, sharer of her life?

"She was in love with Iván. Now she has to be friends with Sofía.

She lost Iván. She might feel betrayed. It's a lot what she has to take in."

I am a lot to take in. I am a freak. I am sick.

I won't be dead again. I will live.

### Monday, November 2nd, 2015 "You deserve better friends."

I am scared of dying alone.

I spent the whole day in my house, doing nothing, thinking of nothing; kicking
and screaming in an ocean of darkness. I thought of what to write today.

"The words are heavy, they're a huge weight in my head that I have to carry and
unload. I am tired."

The first sentence is a better description of today. I am still hurt. This was
a second Sunday in a row. I keep underestimating its effects.

I woke up in the morning. I heard something, some voices, there was life in my
house when I came back to sleep.

I dreamed something. Medrano was in it. There were some swords and another
people. It was raining and the day was dark and gloomy. We walked and I was
given a sword. Everyone started playing with them and I just wondered if they
were sharpened.

One of the other people picked me as an opponent and swung at me. I stopped and
showed them how they were really used. I was scared. Was I afraid of being
hurt?

I was back on my house—in my room—and the sword was lying beside my bed. I felt
my face dirty and for some reason I went to the mirror to check. There were
brown little spots on it. Little dark freckles here and there, like the one
I have on my stomach. I felt disfigured. I turned and then again there were
more and more. I blinked and my face was dirty.

Was it dirt or was it something else?

I woke up and looked out for people. I sent a message to almost all the
conversations I had open. Anahí, Catherine, and Eusebio.

I wanted to talk to someone. Was it today or was it yesterday?

I can't recall.

I felt this urge to have people near me. I wanted them close. I didn't want
them to go away.

When nobody answered, I felt lonely.

Anahí answered my message an hour before I saw it. I told her about Monica and
her answers were brief.

Am I really her friend?

Hours later I told her I wanted us to be closer. I don't want her to go, though
she already left two years ago.

I thought about Paola's words.

_The important thing is that you know that the people that care about you have
your back._

Who are those people? The ones I told them about me refer to them as if I had
another friends, closer friends.

Nobody knows me but Catherine. Eusebio and Jessica don't know me. Paola doesn't
know me. Anahí barely knows me. My mother just knows what I told her. Monica
knew me.

Monica knew me once better than anyone. The man she knew is dead.

She left.

I was over her. I made a mistake reaching out for her.

No, I said that same thing when I regretted seeing her in the plaza.

"It was a chance to realize she's not the same", René told me back then.

Maybe that's what those 5 days were, too. Another chance to see how everything
has changed.

I resented the idea of being the same. Of having and noting nothing different.
I do things differently. I feel and look different. This is the change I so
desperately wanted.

I was alone with my father today.

I was still in bed when he said he would go to the laundromat.

I was alone again, in my house, in my thoughts, in my feelings.

Catherine texted me for a while. I had her carnet and she came to pick it up.
I invited her in and she stayed for a couple of minutes.

"BTW Monica was in San Diego, too. I think she did go to a party."

My father arrived and she left. He didn't ask a thing. I didn't say anything
either. We did nothing wrong. There was a reason. It was an open secret. My
life now is an open secret.

I felt the urge to talk and open myself to him. Say it. Let it out, scream it,
bleed it. Shower him with the truth. Let my chest explode and blast him with
what's bothering me. I would skip all the bullshit and filler and just say it.
_Dad, I am not your son._

_Dad, I am sorry, but I am not a man._

_Dad, I am scared and I am hurt._

_Dad, I am a freak._

_Dad, I am a woman._

_Dad, I am trans._

I didn't. I stopped myself and went to bed instead. I opened my mouth, but
filled it with food instead.

I feel the pressure of time again. That is not the reason to open up.

"What will you wear to the party?"

"I don't know."

I had the answer already but I answered I didn't know. I really don't know.
I have doubts that hurt.

I went outside and people saw me and being like this hurts. It hurts more than
ever.

Monica left and I don't care.

I do care. I care about everything.

I am scared and hurt. I am little. I am fragile.

I need help and I need to ask for it.

I thought she would have used the name.

I told her. She knew.

She needed time.

I need time, too. I want it to stop for a bit and let me catch my breath.

### Tuesday, November 3rd, 2015 "Landin, Andrea, Monica; what does the capital
have that makes all the relationships end?"

Tiziano Ferro was an italian singer who had some success here in Mexico when
I was in elementary or middle school.

I was a child and had Jessica as a friend. I didn't listen to music except for
what played on the radio in my mother's car. Jessica liked him. Her mother—my
godmother—liked him, too. A lot of girls liked him.

Months—years?—later he would give an interview in Europe where he would be
asked about his success in Mexico and how was his experience here. He answered
about his female fandom and how there were no beautiful women in Mexico. The
interviewer wasn't drunk as he clearly was, so he try to recover the situation
talking about Salma Hayek. He buried his foot deeper in his throat and answered
she was the exception. All of the Mexican women were short and had a lot of
facial hair.

His fandom evaporated and I didn't hear another song of his until today.

There would be rumours about his sexuality. It was said like a joke. He was
attacked then by it, like it was something to be ashamed of.

I drove today. I loaded my own gas. Nobody came to my window and everybody in
the station were doing it themselves.

I woke up early and answered the phone.

No, I didn't reach it in time.

There wasn't one in the living room and when I got to the one in my parent's
bedroom my father had already hung up.

I called him back so he was able to tell me that the technician would come
before noon.

I got in the shower and put just underwear. I forgot to shave my chest so I did
it with the double-edged razor. When I was going to start with my face
I decided to put on the pants in case the man arrived. I finished lathering up
when the doorbell rang.

I welcomed him shirtless and half of my face white with shaving soap. He got in
the laundry room as I returned to the bathroom and finished with my face.

"Son!", he screamed when I was putting an undershirt over my bra. I covered
myself with my shirt and took the papers to him.

He was done. I just needed to sign.

I talked to myself in the morning but I can't recall if it was before or after
him. To whom was I really talking? What was I saying?

I explained and narrated what happened on Saturday. Anahí, Monica. What will
happen in four months. I remembered Anahí's question about what was I going to
wear. I recalled the feeling of pressure I had when I was alone yesterday with
my dad.

I'm almost out of life pills. There are just two for tomorrow. Catherine will
drive me to the pharmacy to get the refill. I had thought about lowering my own
dosage in half. They would last me twice the time. Two bottles could then last
me a complete month.

I need them now more than ever. I am eating a lot. I am feeling a lot. I am
hurt. I am desperate and confused.

No, I am all but confused. Now I know what I want. I don't know if I am ready
to ask for it or deal with its consequences, but I know I want it.

When we arrived to school, Melissa told us there would be no class with Zayra.
We skipped Vinicio's. I proposed eating Teriyaki and Catherine proposed going
to the beach. We could try the restaurant near Argana.

They burnt my yakimeshi and I burnt Argana's rug. My vegetables were left
a long time on the grill and I pulled on the hose knocking down the hookah. The
burning coal stayed hidden under the cushions for a couple of seconds. The
smoke screamed my mistake but no one noticed. This was the third time we sat in
the other side of the second floor.

I lend Catherine my undershirt. She wore it for the rest of the day. She keeps
looking like a girl even with my own clothes.

She stayed just with my shirt and her bra. If I wore that same outfit I would
be seen as a man.

What difference did the costume have to the other clothes? Why did people see
me like that there but not here?

Is it because it was the United States? No, it was here.

Was it the make up? Is it my face?

Why do I want so much to be seen like that again?

Why did it hurt so much to take the costume off?

Or did I put the other one on?

### Wednesday, November 4th, 2015 "You really are pretty. Do you believe me?"

"No."

"Have you ever believed me?"

Tomorrow I will see him. I'll talk about this week. All that has happened since
our last session. There are just four or five sessions left.

I can talk about Zayra's workshop, Monica's leaving, Anahí's question,
Catherine's costume, my father's expectations, everyone's expectations and
reactions.

I am sad and scared. I feel alone and vulnerable.

My life pills were empty and I bought another two bottles.

"For how long will you take them?" Asked the pharmacist.

"Give me two bottles"

"So it will be for a month then, right, sir?" He was wrong.

I take double the dosage. I need a double dose. Two pills daily. They are
enough.

No, they're not. They help me with the depression but that's just half of my
problem.

Tomorrow, after the hospital, we will go to the United States. I want to buy
something. Anything. I think of pants that I can wear daily or make up to cover
my facial hair, or a smaller bra to see if it fits, or a longer skirt that
I can wear on special occasions with Catherine.

I've been waking up and wanting to look as I looked this Saturday. I want
people to see me like they did. I want a person to get close to Catherine and
me and calls us _girls_. I want everyone to see us alike.

After the pharmacy and eating the sandwich it was too early for Andrea to
arrive. We decided to kill some time walking around the plaza. We entered the
store were I bought the last things. Catherine was going to look for some
tights.

We walked past by the make up section. One clerk got near us and offered his
help.

"Would you let someone give you orientation?" Catherine was curious.

There was a woman sitting in a chair with one man applying make up to her face
and hiding the marks under her eyes with a white cream, explaining every step
of the process. I thought _no_. I couldn't see myself sitting there in front of
the whole store.

What would he say? What would he think? Men don't wear make up.

I am not a man. He's a man and he knows more than the woman sitting in the
chair.

Would people laugh?

The woman sitting beside us in the trolley stop didn't laugh. She did notice,
didn't she? She saw as Catherine was applying it to me.

She tried to avoid seeing us directly. Was she ashamed for ourselves? Did she
go home and talk to her husband about the young people sitting in the trolley
stations dressed with capes and the young man whos friend was applying make up
to?

How can I wonder if I'll go to the graduation in a dress if I can't see myself
even buying make up?

Girls go to salons to get all painted and ready.

I don't want any of that. I don't want an extravagant hairdo nor a colorful
face nor a long and fancy gown. I don't want none of that.

Why do I care then? I saw the pictures and they were nice. I don't look
abnormal or hideous or anything.

I don't want that but I want even less to look like a man.

Yadira didn't wear a dress. She wore a pantsuit. They were women clothes and
she looked normal.

No, it wasn't normal. The norm was for all the women to wear dresses or skirts.
She stood out, but it wasn't weird.

It would have been weirder to see her wearing something that doesn't fit with
how she is.

Suits don't fit me anymore.

If I wore a dress would they still take my picture?

Would they ask me to stand up with all the men behind the sitting women?

In every picture I'd be the funny anecdote.

I'd be the weirdo from that generation that went dressed as a woman.

I got home and wondered what to wear tomorrow.

Should I wear jeans? Women jeans? Leggings? _Exercise pants_—as Monica called
them—?

I would not wear a skirt. No, I won't mix men and women clothes. I'll have to
walk to therapy and then go to the hospital.

I saw the leggings and wanted them. Catherine doesn't even like them that much.

Today was the first day that I wore a sweater. I looked at the t-shirts. I can
wear the white bra. I wore an almost transparent blouse, a t-shirt would be
nothing If I wore the other long sweater—the black one.

Would I dare to not change this time?

### Friday, November 6th, 2015 "I feel off about something. I spent half of my
money and I have nothing but a pair of men jeans. Then I think about buying
something else and I wonder _I could buy underwear, but I already have a lot of
those. Nobody notices them anyway. If I buy something different—real
clothes—will I actually wear it? Nobody will see them anyway. What's the
point?_"

Yesterday I was going to therapy. I'd meet Catherine in the hospital. I knew
what clothes I would wear. I prepared myself and drove to where I always park.

This time Catherine didn't ask me what I was wearing.

She did send those messages, but they did not appear on my phone until the
night.

I walked from my car to the oxxo near René's office. I was wearing leggings and
the t-shirt and hoodie hybrid that I'd never worn before. It barely covered my
crotch. Over my outfit I wore a thin black sweater. It flowed as I walked and
covered me more.

I felt a lot more comfortable than some other times. I did mention the outfit
with René but he didn't ask me this time if anyone had seen me.

He just listened this time. We talked at the end of the session about my worry
of the doubts that Anahí's question flowered.

The graduation would be Iván's last event. It could be the closure of my life
as him. Everyone who knew him would be there and I could end that phase.

Wearing a dress there would be chaotic.

_It would be a brave thing to do_, but I would risk a lot.

A lot of people would be there and they would see me and notice me and make
comments.

I don't really want to buy a dress or go to a salon.

Why do I say it as if I were trying to convince myself?

I walked back to my car.

Not a single person made mention of my gender.

I was seen, but was I noticed? What did they think? What did they see?

I arrived to the hospital and the guard did say something.

_Welcome, champ_, _gentleman_, _sir_.

Do they want to convince me or are they convincing themselves?

I parked the car and walked inside. Catherine met with me and smiled. She
looked at my face and then my outfit. She was surprised. I didn't gave her
notice, I didn't ask for her opinion. I did not say anything about it until she
saw it for herself.

The class ended and we scheduled the session with a patient for next week.

We drove to the border and got in line. The internet said it would be two hours
approximately to cross. We got there at 15h30. The line moved every 30-40
minutes. The sky was dark when we finally crossed three hours later.

We took the first trolley and get off on H street station. A couple of blocks
ahead was the Chula Vista Center Mall.

She picked a pink dress for her party.

I looked at the clothes while she was trying the dresses she'd picked. There
were only women's clothes and shoes. I strolled by, placing my attention on
whatever was in front of me. There were so many options that I didn't knew
where to look.

I felt overwhelmed with everything. What did I like, what did I want?

Hot Topic was our next store. She bought a Harry Potter pajamas set. There was
an offer of the next item half price off. I took two pairs of jeans and tried
them on, skinny and super skinny. I ended up buying the skinny pair. The black
tighter ones looked like the leggings I was wearing, but they felt weird.
I really liked them both. I didn't regret the decision of buying the pair until
we got out of the Mall.

They were nice but they were men's. They were more of the same. I could had
bought them with my parents.

We went to Target and looked at the clothes and the underwear. We picked some
stuff, left other, and picked another.

Catherine and I both entered the dressing rooms and looked at each other as we
tried stuff. She saw me with a blouse and with a dress.

I couldn't choose what to take, what to pick or buy.

Today before school I tried the stuff I did buy.

I sent her a picture of the dress with the black tights. Then I put the black
skirt and the purple, dark red sweater. Maybe that's what I'll wear when we go
somewhere later.

### Saturday, November 7th, 2015 "I dreamed a lot. I even wrote in my words
about the dreams I had inside my dream. You were not on any of them."

The night was long and bumpy. I woke up, went back to sleep, and woke up again.

I had a dream inside another dream. They intersected themselves like circles
collapsing and compressing on each other.

I was in Mexicali. I wrote about Monica. We were in a car somewhere going
somewhere else. She made a joke looking at me from the driver's seat.

"Why do you always cry?" She says mocking.

I do have tears on my eyes, but I smile and say something snark and sarcastic.

"Look, I am happy." I try to convince both of us.

She believes me and makes a comment.

She uses a feminine pronoun and I don't know if it's a good or a bad thing.

We are walking inside a shop looking for something.

I am now lying on a table. Behind me is Graciela from Neuro asking me
questions.

I am in pain and she tries to help. There is a man besides her who also talks
to me.

He has something. I don't know if it's material or abstract, but she needs it.

He gave her a condition: _a question for a question_.

She confides in him and I see how he is using her.

She helps me, but he is cruel.

I tell him to stop and that he can go fuck himself.

I dream more and more.

I wake up in the early morning and Catherine texts me pictures. She is in the
salon getting her hair done. She is dressed and resting before leaving.

We won't talk for the rest of the day.

She invites me to wear the blue-green dress she took to Mexicali. It's big on
me but she liked it. She could wear the pink one and I that one _when it gets
hotter; maybe in the shore of the beach_.

She leaves and I sleep again. This time it's just black. I stay in bed until
after noon. I feel lonely and tired.

I'll open the phone and send images and texts to different conversations.

I want to read something, anything. I don't care if it's just my echo but
I need to get something. This feeling will accompany me for the rest of the
day. I'll want to do something but lack the motivation to start anything.

Maybe I took the pills too late.

What if this feeling doesn't come from the depression?

I think a lot of the last and next session. I thought about the dress and the
graduation, but it's not really something I want.

There is something I want that I have not asked for.

I do want it. I don't care what I have to do. I want those pills. I want to
save my life with them. I want to start living like I should.

I still fear about rejection.

What if René rejects me? What if there is no doctor who is willing to help me?
What if my own body rejects the hormones? What if I'm cursed to this body for
all my life? What can I do if this is as far as I can get?

Luis made another comments again. _Ladies first._

_Mom, Iván told me he was an hermaphrodite._

_I'm not the one who said he has girlfriends and boyfriends._

Will he mock me? Will he stop looking up to me?

Maybe he'll laugh and his laugh and mocking will be different than the usual
ones we lovingly share.

The difference will be that these ones will hurt me; they'll break me and end
me.

Will he notice? Will he care?

Should he? Do I deserve it?

Time is running and the future is closer than ever. I've changed, but it's not
enough.

What if it will never be enough?

When will I be satisfied?

What's more important to me: being seen as who I am or seeing myself as who
I am?

Monica left and I still think of her.

What does she do?

Does she miss me?

Did she missed me still when we talked again, but I wasn't who I was?

Did she ever?

Maybe like Penelope she stayed waiting for me in a bench and time passed and
I never returned.

I was Penelope when she left for the capital and never came back as my
girlfriend.

I was her again when she left to France and wasn't herself when I finally saw
her.

Maybe she was Penelope, too, and as she waited for her lover all this time,
I returned in his place.

"She did say she needs time, _not now_, she said. _Not ready._

"But when will she ever be? Why should she? What does she gain from being my
friend.

"I killed the man she loved."

I miss Catherine. The day is silent and dead without her.

What will I do when she ends leaving, too? Who will I have left?

Will all the people I love end up leaving?

### Sunday, November 8th, 2015 "You don't understand. I can't depend just on
you; you can't be my whole world. Then it'll be like today or back in February
that you will leave for days. I will stay alone with no one to talk to; nobody
to see me. I will cease to exist."

We talked yesterday on the phone when she returned from her wedding. The call
lasted 2 hours. We don't usually talk on the phone. We text or talk in
person—in her car or mine, in the Faculty of Administration.

We cried but the words are now lost on me.

What is it about Sundays that they kill me?

I dreamed with Monica again. There was another person, but I can't put a face
on them. It was night and there was a picture. We talked about who was slimmer
and who was fatter. I said how Alan looked way huskier. Monica denied it, not
his weight but his presence.

I said how he wasn't really my friend.

The last time I saw him was when he visited the faculty a couple of years ago.

"He was never a real friend but he existed."

Monica was never my real friend, but she does exist.

She's gone but she's somewhere.

While talking with Catherine I thought about asking René for the hormones.

I want them. I've always wanted them but I want to start now. I am not scared,
I am not doubtful.

I knew the effects of the life-pills wouldn't start until after a couple of
weeks. I know the effects of these won't start until after a couple months.
They'll be slow, maybe even painful—emotionally and physically—, but I don't
care.

I'll see him Thursday. I'll might start with how I bought more clothes last
week. Maybe if I go out with Catherine I'll talk about what will have happened.
My parents saw me with leggings and the shirt. They didn't see me when I exited
the house, but they both saw me when I arrived. I didn't change before entering
the house. I didn't hide anymore.

_I want them_, I might start just after meeting his sight.

_I've wanted them. I've mentioned them and talked about it. I want to start._

Will he say no? Maybe he'll doubt I am ready. Maybe he was never going to give
them to me.

Maybe he just can't.

_I don't know how, or with whom. If you can't prescribed them I wish you could
refer me to someone who can, a specialist or an expert. If you can but I need
to do some tests first, I'll do them, no matter the price or the blood._

_If you want me first to say the name to my friends, if you want me to tell
everything to my dad first or say them the name, I will. I don't want to do
that yet, but I don't want to wait any more. I don't care about the changes,
about their reactions._

No matter what I tell them or show them they don't see me. Nobody but Catherine
sees me. They see the Iván they've met.

How can I blame them if not even I see myself in the mirror.

_I am sure, I know. I know they won't be magical, I know they won't even do
anything at first. The wait will be months more than weeks. Not even for the
graduation might there be any notable changes and that's fine. I know when they
start, people will hesitate when looking at me. They will be wrong and they
might have reactions and comments. I don't care anymore. I want to do this for
me._

_I've been working about asking what I want and need, about showing myself.
I am showing myself to you and being honest with myself. I am asking you now
what I want. I want to start hormones._


Will I do it?

Or will I try to swallow it up and end up asphyxiating with my own secrets?

-...-

Tomorrow is Anahí's birthday.

I wanted to talk to her but I didn't know how.

I said that yesterday to Catherine.

"I am angry with Monica. I didn't ask about the pronouns nor show myself
because I am scared people will have her reaction. I am afraid of people
leaving me because of how she left. I hesitate about talking about myself
because of how she would cut me off whenever I tried to talk."

I remembered our relationship without any problems. We fought and cried but it
was good.

Now am I only remembering the bad things?

Was I ever happy with her?

### Monday, November 9th, 2015 I'm writing now in my brother's laptop. It's
forty minutes before midnight and I'm just starting the words. My laptop is
upgrading and got stuck somewhere in the 70%. I restarted it since I came home.

I asked him to borrow his laptop, but he started moving files and made a guest
account. What is he hiding?

Does it matter? Do I care?

It's not like I don't have my own secrets. He grabbed one of my keychains that
I bought from amazon. He has taken stuff from my room. He has snooped in my
life.

Does he care?

Or was he just snooping?

In his search, was he looking for something specific or was he just taking
a stroll through my life?

Has he found something?

The return key is perpetually pressed down. This keyboard is uncomfortable.
It's not familiar, it's weird. It doesn't fit.

Had he asked for my laptop, I would have lend it to him.

Would I hide something? There are pictures and folders. There is one called
_Sofía-Anahí_ with the conversation from when I told Anahí about my name.

Today I woke up and took my life pills. I hadn't shaven for the whole weekend.
This morning's shave was smooth. I was comfortable. It was OK.

Catherine offered to pick me up. I waited for her.

When I got to the car we talked and, out of nowhere, I kissed her. I felt her
lips just barely touching mine. They were smooth and sweet. We kissed once and
then again. She pulled me from the neck of my shirt and whispered _no_.

We kissed three more times.

The person who painted my house knocked on the window after we had finished to
give me a letter to my dad. I forgot about it and I just remembered.

We were talking in the car when she took me home. The comments she received
during the wedding she attended Saturday. Her parents' wedding.

Several different and important topics were in the air when my father walked
from the private street with a white thrash bag in his hand.

"Did he see us? He didn't look."

He had arrived last week just when she was here for her therapy sessions log.
He parked the pick up just behind her Toyota. I had to signal him to back up
a little for her to leave. He did not say a single word about her. Not
a question. Nothing.

What else has he seen that doesn't dare to ask?

There was no Vinicio's class today.

I waited for her outside her session. She didn't cry this time.

On the way home we talked about her mother. The actions Catherine might have to
do to stop her behaviour.

"It's not fair. What you did you had to do it, but you're the mother. I am the
daughter, she's my mother".

"I told you, she is capable of kicking me out the house. I think if I do
something like that, she might hit me".

We parked outside the Oxxo and talked for a couple of minutes. We bought
a bottle of water, tomato juice, and two chocolate bars.

When there was no class we wondered about what to do. She had made us lunch. We
kissed before class. She teased me.

We went to the Soriana near the school. There might be some mascara like hers.
She didn't have any condoms in the car, and there was just three left. We
bought a package of 5 cheap ones.

Later in the day she touched me when we returned from eating japanese food. We
were in the line outside the parking lot and her fingers unbuckled my belt and
pants. Her fingertips gently stroked my skin under my underwear.

Graciela arrived to the classroom, but, instead of class, she invited us to go
to the conference that Yolanda was giving in the auditorium.

We listened to the voice of Catherine previous therapist talk about a case.
A phobic young man, a typical case of phobic neurosis. An unresolved Oedipic
complex. The libidinous energy somatized in physical symptoms.

Psychoanalytic terms.

The first year kids were the ones who organized it.

Were they getting it?

60 sessions she had with this patient. Almost the same number of sessions
Catherine went with her.

Could she do a conference about her case? Would she say her first name or make
up another one to keep her confidentiality?

Could René talk about me? Am I conference material?

Would he talk about a melancholic patient with a perverse psychoanalytic
structure. An inverse Oedipus manifested in a delirious wish to be the other
sex. A dissociated identity.

Would he talk about Iván or Sofía?

Catherine talked about her parent's wedding. There she would invite me.

Who would be by her side? Me or him?

Would I wear a dress or a suit?

How would she introduce me?

Will I be her girlfriend, her boyfriend, or just her partner?

Will they care?

There will be a ceremony in the church. She talked about the comments in the
sermon.

_A man and a woman._

_Marriage between a husband and a wife._

_God created Adam and Eve._

How would it be being seated together holding hands while the priest would talk
about marriage. Would her family see us? Talk about us?

First, she has to tell her own father. First, I have to worry about this
Wednesday that I'll wear to the movies the gray dress that I recently bought
with her.

Then, after a lot of things, we can start worrying about that.

### Tuesday, November 10th, 2015 "And that is the way we are raised; in
families where we are supposed to care for our parents. What are secrets but
ways of protect them?"

"Couldn't your dad be the one who awaits you when you step out of the closet?"

I drove. I didn't shave. I didn't paint my eyes. Today I tied my hair in a bun
and wore a sweatshirt of my past and was nobody; neither him nor her.

Why bother? Tomorrow I'll shave, and dress, and put on make up; be whomever
I want.

I almost forgot to take my pills.

Late at night, I felt the complete opposite of what I felt the night before.
I was wearing the exact same shirt and pajama bottoms. I suddenly felt the
thick and uncomfortable material of my underwear. It pressed in the wrong way,
it scratched, and it didn't fit. I pulled down the pants and, in complete
darkness, I took the underpants off and threw them to the laundry basket.
I didn't put on another pair; I pulled the pants up again and went back to
sleep.

Yesterday, I wore one of the pair of underwear Catherine gave me. They're
smaller and fit tighter. I wore them the whole day, but by the time I was lying
in bed I felt them uncomfortable in them. Again I pulled them off, put back on
the pants over nothing, and threw the underwear to the hamper. Again I slept
free. Wearing neither man's or woman's; bounded by nothing. Being just me.

Everything's easier when I stop trying to fit into something.

Catherine and I left home almost at the same time. The guards, again, let
everyone in without asking for id. The parking lot was full and they stopped me
to wait for it the free up. After they took the cone out of the way, I drove to
the up side near the faculty. The highschool-looking guard signaled me to an
empty space and I parked in there. I texted Catherine asking her if she had
arrived yet, but it went unanswered until I got to the building.

We waited for Zayra outside the classroom as it was occupied. We looked for an
empty one down the corridor. I can't remember what we did there. Did we talk?
Did we kiss? Did she put me against the wall as she passed her hand from my
leg, up my hips and navel and through my breast all the way to my neck?

When we returned, our classmates were already in the classroom and Zayra had
already come.

"How was your weekend?" she asked us.

We saw the theme of _Social Death_. People who are unseen by society.

"Like these times on Facebook."

Did I kill myself socially? Did I kill _him_ when I deleted my Facebook
profile?

Am I socially dead given I don't exist for anyone but Catherine?

We saw the different videos of the process of dying. Cremation was one of them.
From the putrefying dead body, life is born again. How selfish would it be for
me to burn my corpse and deny nature of its process?

Vinicio did come today to class. We were not the full class. Maybe not even
half of us came. He put us in a circle and asked us our perceptions and
experience with the model so far.

"Why don't you participate?"

One by one he asked us different questions. _What do you think? What would you
say? What is your experience? How have you applied it yourself?_

He asked all of us at least once. He asked us how could he improve the class.

_To center ourselves to the positive._

How can I forget the problem when it's everything I've seen my whole life?

I ignored what I wanted and how I felt. I knew I was sad and miserable but
ignored the reason.

There was a therapist who had this 7 year old girl who had been raped by
someone in her house. She had an older sister and a little brother. The three
of them had been raped. In the room, together, were everyone: the mother, the
father, the three siblings, even the neighbors and friends.

The little girl told every single detail of the rape to the therapist. One by
one they talked about what they knew and how the occurrence had felt. The
little boy had been raped, too. The older sister was raped first and was
threatened by the rapist that if she told anyone he would rape her little
sister. She didn't spoke and yet he raped her anyway. The mother knew since it
had happened when the girl was 4 years old, three years before. The mom was
seated, crying as she spoke. She was hugged by her husband and two of her
children. The little girl stayed alone, sitting in her chair.

The neighbor kneel in front of the girl and hugged her and apologized to her.
She told her she would care for her.

She taught the mother how to be one.

Secrets are our way to protect _our parents_.

### Wednesday, November 11th, 2015 "Do you want to see me or wait 'till you
come?"

I woke up but can't remember exactly what was it that did it.

Was it a scream?

I had cold, I wanted to go to the bathroom. They were still here. I went and
returned to under the sheets. I had forgotten when was the last time that
I felt backache.

I took my clothes when the alarm finally blared. Underclothes only; tights and
dress I'd put on later.

Yesterday I had doubts.

Even now, after the day ended, I'm not sure how I felt with what happened.

I look at the pictures. My made up face with the mask, the costume; the second
one in Halloween.

I looked like a man.

I was a man.

It was absurd, I feared. Everyone would look through me. I'd be pointed at,
laughed, and mocked. All eyes would be set upon me and their pupils would burn
me. Darkness dressed as laughter would embrace me and drown me. I'd be gone.
Everything would end.

I'd be dead.

This morning something changed and I came down in just my underwear. My face
was done, my body, too. There were spots in my cheek and upper lip that
screamed. I murdered them with a dry slash of the blade. The one in my upper
lip died with just a small droplet of crimson blood as a last whisper.

I put on the tights and slipped over my head the gray dress.

I think about us, seating finally in the theater. The big leather sofa floating
over a black sea of darkness. Both of my legs raised to the seat. Black and
long and thin pieces of flesh covered in a gray cloth. Knees kissing each
other, lying embraced. Her arm surrounds me and we both watch the film. A slow
quiet beating of her heart sings a melody to my ear.

She arrives when I finished with my shoes and hair. I waited for her in the
sofa watching the first half of an episode of The Flash.

I peek through the blinds, but she catches first a glimpse of my dress. I see
her surprise in her smile.

She shouldn't be.

She already saw me in the picture I sent her in front of the mirror. Later
today we will take more pictures, but it won't be until we get to the hotel.
That dreaded hotel cursed with memories.

The first hotel where I went as Iván it's also the one where we went after
a whole day dressed as me. It's still not the first one where I've worn these
clothes or even where I arrived dressed.

The internet is coming and going. It's making me furious.

There is a stench that rises and slaps me on my face. It's a musty and bitter
odor that tattles the things we did.

She helped me with my face and we exited the house. We drove to the plaza and
I was seen by no one. Not a single person laid eyes on me until we parked and
got off. Even then, their sights would touch me but slip as if I were made of
rubber. They looked and, as if I were invisible, their sight kept on. There was
nothing on me that deserved to be given further inspection. This time not being
seen was something good.

They didn't see a man in a dress.

They saw someone. Just that, a person.

Chavela Vargas is singing right now.

Catherine grabbed my book and read the last page that is written in it. In
there I'm still in Portugal after a night of drinking and having kissed Helena.
I'm confused and hurt. There are so many things in my mind that I look for any
little bit of distraction to wander off from my reality.

We are in the plaza and walk towards the Food Garden. She orders and I just
stand by her side. I am scared that my voice will tell on me.

I avoid people's eyes but at the same time look for them. I don't know what
I want.

Do I want them to not see me as they've done until now? Or would I prefer that
they do look at me and notice me?

What would that mean?

It'd make me sad.

Why do I wait for that?

Later there will be noted discomfort in people's eyes. They'll sneak looks
towards me and, whenever I catch them, they'll remove them clumsily. Like every
criminal they'll return to the scene of the crime and I'll notice them again.

What do their eyes mean? I won't figure it out, until I later talk to
Catherine.

They don't see me, or not me exactly.

"I realized... it was the first time that they saw us: _two girls holding
hands_." Would explain Catherine. "For the first time I noted the effects of
our relationship."

### Thursday, November 12th, 2015

"I don't know how to start."

Again I walked that short distance from the car to the session. I waited
outside for a couple of minutes. I looked in my phone the continuation of the
conversations with Catherine and Anahí.

"Where are you?", Anahí asked us yesterday in the afternoon. Neither of us saw
her message in our respective screens. We were busy walking, exposing our love
to the world, holding everybody's sights.

She told Miguel and Carlos. I thought the message was originally to Carlos and
then to Miguel. It turned out to be the other way around.

"I went out with Sofía to the plaza. She wore a dress and we held hands. It was
the first time we showed ourselves as two girls."

She realized how it would be for Miguel every day. A lesser evil to me would
still be worse for her than normalcy.

I told René about yesterday, too. He didn't say anything.

I told him about the hormones and he didn't say anything either. I want them;
I asked for them, didn't I?

What do I need to do? I don't know how many sessions I have left. I don't want
anything but a good reflection in the mirror. A way to feel good in my own
skin.

"It makes my skin crawl to think that wherever Iván goes, you will accompany
him"

"When will you take this load off me?"

I walked back and went to the hospital. What was the word today? _Man_? _Young
man_? _Sir_?

Catherine met me there a couple of minutes after I was on the second floor.
I looked down to the children. Some looked towards me. Others waved their
hands. What do they see?

A communications major saw us seating on a bench and asked us if we knew where
the psychologists were. Why didn't we answer? Why didn't I talk? He already saw
me as a man. There was no lie in my voice.

I talked about next Thursday. Will I dress with a skirt and sweater?

Am I scared? Why didn't I say anything?

I was supposed to ask for the hormone treatment and asked them to see me. To
refer to me as a girl.

I can't change what they see, but I can ask them how I want to be called.

I did the hard one and stayed silent after the session.

We met a patient in the hospital. A young girl of 14. She's referred because of
her low scores in school; ADHD, memory problems; autism?

Catherine was supposed to ask questions and I to take notes, but I hijacked the
interview. The mother was disappointed and expected Graciela.

"¿Dónde está la licenciada?"

She got us instead.

Would Graciela note the anxiety and the depression? The girl asked to die.
She'd prefer to die rather than going to school.

Lack of concentration, memory problems, irritability, social isolation;
I wanted to help her. I'm excited to think about what to look for.

What's the difference between her and Angel? The gender.

What's different between her and the other kid with palsy and motor problems?

When I met the mother's eyes I thought the cause of the disgust in them was my
own presence. Instead of my age or experience, in my mind everything went to my
legs; both what was covering them and between them.

Both are not of anybody's business.

"I remember the first sessions [...] you told me I was anesthetized emotionally
and paralyzed behaviorally [...] I know now what is it that I really feel."
I told René. "Now I am in a rush to actually do something.

"It conflicted me to think about being a discomfort to others. Being invisible
had its secondary gains. They didn't note me. My presence was not a discomfort.
Now it's the complete opposite. I couldn't even put my hand in the arm rest.
Now I stand in front of them, wearing a dress, contradicting everything they
believe and are accustomed to."

After the hospital I drove us to the park to kill time. Yesterday we went to
that motel and today it was that park. We park in one of those spots and
talked. Talked about her father, talked about me.

She mocked the comment I did earlier. I tried to say how even after three hours
everyone could see in the picture small traces of my manhood.

"You didn't shave well today."

"I did it as well as I could."

I felt bad.

There is nothing I can do. I can burn them with laser. I can scrap the skin
over my face daily with razors not sharp enough, but they grow. I can cover
them with paint, but they are still there.

I showed myself to them dressed like I left the house. The same way I walked,
the same way I got in and faced my brother and parents. Again, Luis didn't see
me.

Would he be the exception to everybody? Would he say something?

### Friday, November 13th, 2015

"Divide your sheet of paper in three parts. You'll think of a loved person with
whom you've had a conflict. In the first part, write about the things that
person gave you [...] In the second, enlist the things this person did not give
you [...] Finally, think and enlist the things that person gave you by not
giving you the things they did not."

I would not shave today. I would not care about my appearance. I did not even
think about which clothes I was going to wear. What's the point?

What difference does it make if I shave normally or painfully closer? Is there
an evident change when I wear a bra under my shirt? Can anyone note the
difference in the color of my eyelashes? Was I the same-looking person when
I wore legggings? How about the day before that I wore a dress?

I picked out clothes before I made myself breakfast. There was two week-old
biscuits in the fridge. I opened one and discarded the stale eggs. The eggshell
broke nicely and the egg-white started to gain its color as soon as it fell
into the pan. I was chatting with Catherine. What was she going to wear? What
was I?

I ate and procrastinated starting my morning routine. Even standing up from bed
was a challenge. I showered and scrubbed my whole body. I didn't wash my hair.

What made me change my mind? What made me pick up the brush and lather the
soap? I didn't want to.

Has it become a compulsion, yet? I started and instead of going with the grain,
the first and second time were across it. The last and final one was against
it. I pushed the skin with the tip of my finger and passed the edge of the
blade scratching my skin, erasing those little black dots.

It still wasn't enough.

The sound of the hairs dying, its miniature screams echoed in the tiles of the
bathroom. I wanted all of them gone so I passed the razor again, closer,
firmer, a little closer.

On my chin I took a little piece of skin and a red dot appeared in its place.
There was no pain. I felt nothing.

In my head the idea of picking from it and take my face away passed by
nonchalantly. _Skulls are indistinguishable between genders to the
unprofessional eye._ Even then, an anthropologist could see through _my lie_.

The alum stung, but closed the injury.

I changed and went to my room. Catherine stepped out of the shower and asked me
if I was ready.

I showed her.

I've been taking pictures of me in front of the mirror. The red and black
shirt—the one I wore today. The gray undershirt, the blouse and the skirt; the
dress, the dress with the coat; the sweater over the skirt.

I didn't cover my face with anything. Catherine noted it. _My eyes were
smaller._

"No, it's just your face that looks cleaner. Like, recently washed."

Ramon came to receive payments. I stood with Catherine. We laughed and smiled
and hugged.

I am happy. I feel better. I don't want to go, yet. I want to keep living.

I just thought about Zayra's workshop. I'm not ready to die, I don't want to.

Before Catherine arrived, I opened the therapy notebook. I have just one
session left; just one more.

I may keep going with René.

I don't know if he is open the see me again, to respect our price.

He prescribed me. I want another prescription, but I don't know if he can give
it to me.

When I am finished with the obligatory therapy, should I continue with him?
Should I continue with psychoanalysis?

I should ask him. Is he the best option for me? Does he consider himself my
optimum help or would I be in better hands with someone more experienced?

I don't want to go shopping around for a new therapist. I don't see myself
scheduling interviews with different ones, opening up in the first sessions
about my deepest secret just to wait for the reaction of a literal stranger.

What goal do I have? What do I expect from therapy? When he asked me those
questions 3 years ago I didn't know what to answer.

I want to be comfortable in my own skin. I want to be strong enough to deal
with the difficulties my life will bring me. I want to get the strength to be
myself and show it to the world. I want help with the change to become the
person I should be.

### Sunday, November 15th, 2015 "_Y él es mi más grande: Iván._"

"_¿Tú?_"

"_Iván; yo._"

"_Oh, pensé que eras mujer; Tal vez por el cabello._"

I didn't write yesterday. I cheated again.

I tried to, I wanted to. We left the house just before noon. We didn't arrive
to my uncle's until after midnight.

We got early to my old father's house. There were my aunts and my cousins. They
are tall; they are bigger. Even the youngest looks bigger than me. He is
shorter than me, but he is bigger.

I feel small and insignificant in the memory of what happened. I said _hi_,
I smiled and hugged. I did all the things I couldn't. I couldn't find my place.
Nowhere was I comfortable. With no one could I talk freely. My university, my
time in Spain, the work situation; I spoke about a lot of things and they
listened. They heard my voice and they saw me. Did they? What did I show them?

Everyone is studying and working and being successful. Everybody has their
lives sorted out. I don't even know who I am.

I was inside and hid myself with the boys. When my aunt called us asking us to
go back outside, I couldn't find a seat. The tables were dispersed but the
seats were all taken. Where could I seat? What conversation could I join?

My other aunt questioned me about my plans. What could I do? What did I plan to
do? What do I want?

People who I don't know came. People I should know where there.

"It's been a while since the last time we saw each other," informed me my
father's older sister.

She's right. Does she know me? Do the rest of my aunts and uncles?

They know my name and how I look. Is that what and who I am? A name and an
appearance?

My uncle will marry next month. We just met the bride. She just met me and
probably knows me just as well as the rest of the party.

I don't know what they see. When they look at me, do their eyes see me or their
memories of who I've been? They see a face; a name attached to it and a series
of connections and memories.

When strangers—like the man who just met me and thought I was a woman—look at
me, they see just a face. A face and a body. There is no connection to old
memories memories.

Or are there, perhaps to their own life? Maybe they see their own son or
daughter; an old friend. Maybe my smile is just like their deceased father's.
Maybe my eyes remind them of a lost love. Maybe my hands are long and thin like
someone they knew and cared about.

I can't know of any of those memories, whether they're from acquaintances or
strangers. I can't perceive what people feel or think when they face me. The
only thing I can know is what they tell me.

_I thought you were a woman._ _Welcome, girls._

Were they the only ones who see it or are they the only ones who said it?

Does it make a difference?

They see something, they look, they turn. What's the point of looking to the
cause of their curiousness? Is there a difference if they looked because I am
a man in a dress or because we were two girls holding hands?

Who am I? Am I the name I introduce myself with or the name written on my id?

Am I a man because my papers say so or because there is a dick hanging between
my legs?

This Thursday I won't have a patient. A two hour class and a last session.
I can go straight from therapy to the hospital and two hours later there is
nothing until the movie.

"Guys, would you mind if I wear a skirt this Thursday to the movies?" I asked
them, I told them. The plan is set.

Why don't I feel like doing it anymore?

No, I do; I want to. I wish I could have shown the picture to my mother just as
I sent it to Anahí. Would she say something similar? Does it fit a little big
but my legs look good?

I don't look weird. I look normal. Everything looks fine. There is no reason
for anyone to turn and stare.

Maybe it was Catherine; maybe it was our holding hands.

Of course not.

What will my father think? What will he feel? Will he say it? Maybe his mouth
will stay shut and his face will scream.

Will I do it before Thursday?

Will it matter?

### Monday, November 16th, 2015 "I see the posts where the three of us
commented and they don't make sense."

"Aw, yeah, me too."

"Because Sofía's don't appear."

"Sofi's comments are missing."

...

"I mean, I understand, but it's not like you can delete Iván. I don't know how
you feel... I can't even imagine it, but I love Iván very much and we went
through beautiful and nice moments. I wouldn't like for him to be forgotten
forever. But again, I don't know how you do feel. If you don't want to open
again your facebook and want to forget Iván, well, that's ok."

Yesterday I forgot to take my pills. There has been almost three months since
I started taking them. Even half a day without them were enough to give me
a glimpse of the darkness. That familiar drought and heaviness. It was a somber
and low voice, a deafening laugh that preceded its comment. _Welcome back,_ it
said just as he laughed again and mocked me.

I took just one pill. Half of my dosage. Why?

It's a known phenomenon. People who are on psychiatric medication, just after
its effects appear, they suffer a paradoxical risk of relapse. They feel
better; the know they are better and they stop their treatment. _Why should
they keep taking it? They are better, they never needed it_.

It's the opposite with me. I forgot to take them and I felt worse. I need them;
I knew and confirmed I need them. Why did I lower my own dosage?

Do I miss it?

Yesterday I talked with Catherine about my writing. I am good; I can
communicate well. Is it because I studied or did I decide to study it because
I knew I was good at it?

I was surprised at how much I liked the writings of the last months of high
school. Nobody disliked what I wrote. People would read me and tell me I was
talented. In middle school, girls would pass my jean notebook to read it.

I published several on Myspace and waiter for the number of visitors to come
up. I'd look at it several times. It never got up to three digits, but there
was only one viewer I cared about.

I wanted to communicate my feelings and that worked. With my words I met Monica
and got her back a million times.

With words she sent me away and, also with them, I reconciled with her just to
turn her away.

Now, I write for nobody. I write for me.

In Spain I wrote for me; just for me, I kept writing. I have thousands of words
that no one but myself has seen.

What would happen if someone read them? Would they even care? Will someone ever
read this sentence and get a sense of who I am right now?

_Is the writer a he or a she? Is the writer the same person? Has he changed or
was she always the same?_

I sometimes wish even I could remember how I looked as I was writing. I wish
I had taken a picture or a video and got it attached to the text; a secret
feature that only I would know about.

Isn't that what words are for? To get a look of the writer's real self; the
writer's thoughts, and feelings, and wonders, and fears; the writer's successes
and failures.

That is what all of these journal entries are, they are snapshots of my true
self. Who cares how I looked or appeared? What does it matter, the clothes
I wore that day or the type of glasses through which I saw? Does it make
a difference if I wore pajama pants, or jeans, or a skirt?

I am a person just like you. My body aches and feels pleasure just like yours.
I cry like your little sister and laugh like your big brother. I have dreams
and fears and vices and virtues just like you. These words will never show you
how I look or sound or dress like. They will show you what nor who I am.
They'll show you and the world what's really important: what I feel, think,
wonder, fear, hate, love; how I am.

They'll show you, and anyone who reads this, what made me just like you and
what made me unique.

### Tuesday, November 17th, 2015 "You are a bad girlfriend, but a good
psychologist."

I opened Facebook again. Why should I leave it closed?

Anahí was right; I can't pretend that Iván is someone I can delete or negate.
I am the same person. There are memories, moments, that happened and were
shared with people. She loved him. Catherine, too. Monica shared with him her
love, her confidence, and her youth.

Just as I avoided Monica and ran away from her, I kept my distance from
Facebook.

I wasn't over it. I deleted his profile, his statuses, his pictures. All the
things he said or did were gone—not just for me, but for everyone.

People did miss him. Jessica noted his absence. Just like Johanna, Monica, and
my uncle. Different cities and places in the world.

What would happen if they found me instead? Would I be recognized?

Just as I returned to Monica and let her leave me, I opened Facebook again.
I signed in and looked into the almost hundred notifications. There was nothing
new; a lot of things happened but nothing that mattered. There were a lot of
people there; a lot of pictures, and comments, and events. Who cares?

Monica's status was the first thing that appeared. Hers was the first profile
I looked. I thought I wouldn't be able to contain the need to look for her and
see what had she done.

Did she go to a party? Does she love him? Does he treat her well? Is she happy?

I saw through numerous phrases, but they said nothing. A lot of texts and
images yet not a single important thing. Empty words. I scrolled and felt
nothing.

I remembered Halloween. The last day we talked weeks ago she'd go to the United
States. I'd look for her while we waited in line and feel her presence around
us.

I opened the pictures despite not feeling any wish to scroll. I didn't care and
it was weird, different. There were the picture of her instagram where she's
with her friends standing in her disguise and the four of them are smiling.

_I don't get used to you referring yourself as a woman._

I felt like a freak. I was not a woman; I was not a man; I was something else.
I deserved not a name nor be called; I deserved nothing.

I hated her again. I hurt her again.

That same day, Anahí would use his name, my old name. The real name, the
official one. The one everybody knows me by.

What do people see when I stand in front of them?

I arrived today and there was the old woman from the house across the street.
She was watering her plants hiding in the blackness of the night. I got off the
car and went for my dad to exchange parking spots. When the cars where moved,
I got off and waited reclined on the Jetta's bumper. My father got off and
I heard her voice calling him.

"Good evening, sir", she said in high voice from where she was standing. Her
words came after I saw my father's acknowledgement and smile.

She repeated herself in a little higher voice "Good evening, ma'am". I was
standing by his side now. He had crossed the pick-up to my side. Did she
mistake him? Did she see someone else? Maybe someone had entered, except there
was nobody else. Was she talking to me? Did I hear wrong?

Did she see me as my mother or just a woman? I'm taller than my father; I'm the
tallest person in the house. It was late and dark.

Why did I smile when I was alone in my room?

Manuel Mejia told us to practice making Ceneval items. I wanted to do it.
I really had the intention to make the assignment. There was no time; there is
no time.

Tomorrow we will see Paola and her son. All of us, but Anahí will get reunited.
I feel like I am betraying her. I don't like this feeling.

Yesterday we were talking about going to disneyland in December. Will it really
happen? I'd really like that.

Tomorrow we'll have Psycholinguistics. I don't know if it's our turn to give
a presentation. I am tired of those kind of classes. I am tired of school, this
kind of school.

I was in the last module of the course and I liked it. Nobody else does, nobody
likes these research subjects. How can I study something that none of my
colleagues is interested in? That's supposed to be better for me; if nobody
wants to enter, there is no competition.

Thursday I'll have my last therapy session. I'll have a test later and then
we'll go to the movies. Four years ago, I watched the last movie of a series
with my friends before entering university as somebody's boyfriend. Thursday
I'll watch the last movie of another series with my friends just before
graduating.

This time I won't be nobody's boyfriend. This time I'll be the girlfriend.

### Wednesday, November 18th, 2015 "I love you! You are always welcome as in my
home as in my life. Thank you, team of seven."

...

"Paola doesn't know about you."

"No, she doesn't know I'm her girlfriend."

"Just _partners_, because she doesn't even know about the terms and all of
that."

"I'll kiss her and freak her out."

How can I start? How will I end?

I had just one class today. It was the last thing of my day. Everything is
finishing. Next week will be our big test. Then, after that, the final classes.

It's not just the semester that is ending. School and therapy; my normality.

I opened Facebook looking for the girl who answered that the mail of the
teacher with the test material was deleted and lost. I saw her face but
I didn't recognize her. I came back to the first page. _What's new?_, I thought
and scrolled, giving a peek to everyone's actuality.

The picture of Monica popped up. It was disconcerting. What was she doing here?
She's still part of my life. Facebook is not my life; it's my past. She and her
notifications, no matter how recent, don't belong to me. They belong to my
past.

I wore a t-shirt, black with long sleeves and a long neckline. I hadn't worn it
since high school. It's the last small sized garment I have left. I wore it
countless times before; it was almost a part of my uniform. Under my polo
shirt, it clenched my body and covered my arms. It was always usually something
I'd wear under a shirt or other thing, never by itself.

This was the first time I wore a bra underneath it. Did somebody notice?

No, nobody ever notices.

I wore the new sweater over it; I had to cover. I am not sure how to be
exposed. I was hot when I stepped out of Catherine's car, but she said the
strap was noticeable on my shoulder.

I've worn a skirt; I've worn a dress in that same place. What made today
different?

I didn't shave. I haven't shaved in two days. The shadow is not darker than
other times. I thought it would be worse. It's just there, like always. It
scares me a little to think that tomorrow there will still be darkness around
my mouth. What if it never goes away?

I've seen signs. Yesterday I was convinced to up my dosage again. Two pills,
just like before. What stopped me?

I bought the two bottles and yet I have 4 pills left. If I keep taking one
they'll last me a whole month. Just until Christmas.

Even with just one pill in my system I was fine. I was hapy, I was well.

I was impulsive, too, almost manic. I hit the claxon in Catherine's car while
she was behind it, driving. I took my hand out of the window and flipped off
the taxi driver that hurried her.

I feel this emptiness inside of me; as if something is missing. Is it just
nervousness of tomorrow? Maybe is vertigo as I get closer to the edge of this
part of my life.

Catherine and I bought the pills. We looked for the tights, but bought make up
instead. I bought the tights.

We were in the store when Eusebio called. We'd meet with them in the park.

They were on the swing the seven of us were two years ago.

Paola met us there.

We met the other Paola in her house. The little boy is now a year old. What
will happen of him? I met her mother before even the thought of him formed in
her mind. I existed before even the idea of him were born, before his father
and his mother met. It was a whole different time; another life.

The class was pointless. The same information. It's supposed to be my field of
study. I am supposed to be writing the interview report. Why haven't I started?

I did start.

I picked up my journal again. I am with Helena remembering what happened the
day before. It's a different time and a whole different life. It feels so far
from now that it almost hurts.

What would she think if she knew what I'm going through? I told Johanna what
happened with me and Monica and she understood her. What would she think if she
knew Monica was a part of my life for another year, that just now she really
left?

Tomorrow will be my last session. I don't know what will happen after that. I'm
thankful that it will be the first thing of my day.

### Thursday, November 19th, 2015 _Estoy cambiada en la pizzeria donde vinimos
todos hace años. Será la primera vez que me vean así._

_Hoy terminó mi terapia._

### Friday, November 20th, 2015 "I made an agreement of 100 sessions with
Iván."

I finished the formality of 100 required sessions. They ended. I closed that
stage.

I was wearing a women's sweater and a pair of women's jeans. Almost all of my
clothes were women's. All of it was mine, nothing borrowed. The only masculine
thing I was wearing was the black undershirt.

I talked and René gave me closure. He told me what he saw; the signs he
observed. I was hidden and in a strong shell. I came calmly and sat and gave
a synopsis of my week's classes. I talked about nothing. There was something
I had hidden. Something from which I was strongly disassociated. I was supposed
to lose all barriers and censors and talk freely. How could I show my true self
if I was unaware I was wearing a mask? How could I expose myself if even
I ignored what was hidden behind it?

_Salamanca is a bubble where everything is perfect and good._ Somewhere from
where have to go out and come back to reality and it hurts. I lived in my own
bubble. Certain things fractured it, tumbled it until it broke. Like Pandora's
box, all of the sorrows went out.

Iván will no longer go to session.

"The process with Iván will end. Maybe, later, a new process with another
person will begin. Maybe instead of Iván, I'll start seeing Sofía."

I smiled and accepted.

He explained how he knew I asked certain people to call me that, but never him.
I, then, did it.

I thought it was the perfect day for telling Eusebio and Jessica.

I forgot to pay him.

We did the exam and then we were free. In the end, Anahí would not meet with
Catherine and me. We were freer than we expected.

Catherine and I checked in the hotel for the afternoon. I was wearing pants
when we came in to the room and a skirt and makeup when we stepped out of it.

I see the pictures now. I see the same person I first saw in Mexicali wearing
a mask. It was new and strange. It was...

I wanted people to see me. I wanted Anahí, and Eusebio and Jessica to see how
I looked. To see me how I wanted them to know me. I wished for the world to see
me and acknowledge me. I was looking for everybody's reaction.

When we walked down from the hotel to the pizza place there was a psychotic
person sweeping the street.

"Hello, ladies", he threw at us before going back to his conversation with
himself.

People saw us without any reaction. I couldn't differentiate between being
ignored and being normal; in any case I was unworthy of attention.

We came back to the hotel and spent the afternoon there.

We got to the plaza. We waited a while in the car until the time we agreed to
meet. It was different to the week before when I was wearing a dress and
Catherine was holding my hand. The two of us felt different. Now, it was more
comfortable.

We were so lost in the sweetness of the day until Catherine snatched us out of
it.

"Is she Monica?"

There was a girl walking with her boyfriend. We only saw her back. Was she?

Who cared? I wanted to be there; I wanted to be seen with Catherine. She would
see me dressed like this, with a smile drawn in red lips and black eyes full of
happiness. I hoped she were her.

And then, Jessica and Eusebio walked by and the thought went further and
further away until it was forgotten.

Jessica had a serious face, she seemed irritated. Was I the reason? Maybe my
presence was unpleasant. No, she had just a headache with nausea. We would talk
later in the Starbucks and she would be OK.

People looked at me, but there were no emotions on their faces. I was just
somebody.

The Starbucks closed and we moved to a bench nearby. Eusebio told us about his
session of the day after our meeting with Paola. One of the people who were in
the bench besides us came towards Catherine and I were sitting.

"_Disculpa, muchacha. ¿Nos podrías tomar una foto?_"

I was convinced she was talking to Catherine; I turned because I was on the
edge. Her eyes were set on me and her phone was placed on my hands. I had no
time to answer.

I stood up silently and they posed. They laughed.

"Take several", someone within the group said as they were repositioning
themselves. I took five or six. Everyone's eyes were set on me, the person
facing all of them. They were looking at her phone which was in my hands which
were just in front of my face.

I extended her phone back to her and she asked me if I took just one or
a couple. I didn't want to speak. I knew my voice would betray me. I knew it
would sound as deep and low as an animal's growl. I drew the word with my lips
and made a gesture with my hand. That seemed to work.

"What happened?" asked Catherine with the rest of the group smiling behind her.

"Nothing, I just took a picture of them".

"It's 10H41 and this theme of conversation has just ended," interjected Eusebio
sarcastically.

We were under the stairs of the theather. We had just bought food for the
movie. Eusebio and Jessica met with somebody he knew. They introduce their
respective girlfriends. Catherine and I stood apart. How could I introduce
myself? Would I say Iván? Would I let them? Maybe Catherine could somehow save
me? How could I come up with a name they don't even know? Like the rest of the
day, Catherine and I went unnoticed.

Later, she would also see somebody known; Catherine was the one who saw her
first.

"With my luck, she will be here", I had told Catherine after thinking we had
just seen Monica. "She will be in the same theater, and she will be sitting
next to us. We were just worrying about seeing someone known today, about me
being recognized. Of course she will be the one. Everything has to always fit."

"She was Monica," whispered Catherine towards me as we were standing outside
the theather.

Monica had colour on her lashes. She waved her hand and smiled excitedly. It
was a fake one like all the ones I'd seen her perform before from her side. Her
new boyfriend was now by her side, in the place I used to be. I had thought
about her seeing me, recognizing me. But, what about him?

"Awkward moment," Jessica said after they passed by.

We were just about to enter the theater. A line was formed outside the entrance
and I was leading the way of our group. I saw him standing by the end of the
line. I had to be seen, just then; it could not be avoided.

What has she told him? What has she said to her family? What was it that she
said to him after they passed by?

_Did you see that person? She's my ex-boyfriend._

He was by himself. The restrooms were next to where he was standing; the line
of people passed him by.

He was still there as I clutched Catherine's hand and, like a 5 year old,
I shut my eyes to not be seen.

Before the start of the movie, they entered from that same door and climbed up
the stairs. They sat down 5 or 6 rows in front of us.

I didn't see them after the movie. I didn't want to face her, to know of her
again.

I searched her Facebook for a post about the night, as if in her picture would
I be able to have a glimpse of her thoughts about seeing me out there. What did
she see? What did _he_?

How did I look?

Why do I care? Why do I keep caring?

I was going to tell Eusebio and Jessica, but I couldn't.

Catherine asked me if she wasn't going to ruin my day. She didn't.

No, she didn't. Did she?

Today I was at Catherine's. We saw a movie; the first half of it. We both were
wearing Mountain Dew t-shirts as we laid on the couch with her dog beneath us.
She would come to us and stand by our legs. The same dog that once bit me and
furiously barked at me now came to me and let herself be stroked and pet.

Has she been seeing me differently, too?

Her parents came and saw us. Her father told her that there were no chips to
offer me. Just as I arrived to her house he was leaving to go see their
mechanic. He called her a little after asking her if she needed something else
from the Oxxo.

Her father doesn't know about me nor her. Her father just knew that her
daughter's boyfriend, Iván, was with her.

Her mother does know about us. She still see us as Catherine and Iván. I don't
know how she sees me. I don't know if she thinks I'm her boyfriend, still, or
something more complicated.

Will they know some day? Would they treat me the same? Would they ask us,
girls, if we want something to eat?

Would they see me as Sofía, her daughter's girlfriend? Would some day my own
family see her as their daughter's girlfriend?

### Saturday, November 21st, 2015 "If you want him to trust you, you have to
trust him first"

I dreamed something today. What was it?

I remember the school and being mistaken a lot; being called a girl and
referred to as a she. I went out, for some reason, from Vinicio's class.

He asked me why he hadn't seen me. Catherine was talking with him as I came
back.

I went to the restrooms with a bike. I got it inside the building without
seeing the note that forbid them. The principal, or someone like that, was just
passing by with other important people.

"Who left this here?" I heard.

I was in the men's restroom. Why would I be in the women's? I am a man, after
all. Except now, it was different. I was a man and everybody saw me as a woman.

"Oh, she has come out of the bathroom," someone observed as I pleaded for
forgiveness and asked for my bike back.

Garab waved me bye when I left the faculty riding my bike. He pointed to my
coloured bracelet like the day before when I was awake.

He had seen it. I wore it all day. Nobody noticed it, byt him.

No, not a single person pointed it out, but I don't know how many saw it.
Another one of the things I can't and won't ever know.

We were in the movies and Eusebio was talking about the day before. I never
realized until Catherine pointed it out. Now I can't differentiate yesterday
from the rest of the past. When was it, that I was in Catherine's house? I was
wearing the Mountain Dew t-shirt. The white bra underneath could be noticed and
I didn't care. Her mother and father were there and I remained as exposed as
the rainbow on my wrist.

Would I still be wearing it if, instead of the gay rainbow, were a mixture of
white, blue and pink? Would I like it more?

I guess I do. If I didn't, I wouldn't have mentioned it to Catherine.

I could have gone today to her house. We could have worked in the spreadsheet
I wanted so much to finish yesterday.

My family and I went to the United States instead. I already bought shoes last
week. I couldn't dare to wander around the women section.

Why did I want to go now? What was so important for me to go that I postponed
doing what I wanted with the person I wanted?

We ate breakfast and I talked. I talked about my future; what I wanted, what
I liked; the things I enjoy. The cashier with long hair recognized me from the
time before.

"Nice hair, bro" he had said that time. "I have it long, too", as he showed his
tied bun.

"Did you cut your hair?", he said this time when I finished giving him my
order.

I shook my head to answer and show him the curls.

Later in Ikea I would see another person I recognized. Was that person trans?
I saw their long hair, too. It was tied in a long ponytail. Their eyebrows were
thin and clean; the care of somebody's hand's work was seen in them.

I remember the first time I saw that worker. I can recall the moment, but not
its distance in time from today. Was it when I was looking for my bed? Was it
when I was in so much pain that I could barely sleep? Did I see myself in that
person? What was in that smile today that I remembered?

A lady got near when their delicate hands moved graciously putting the yellow
bags in the basket. How do people gender that person? I don't remember hearing
their voice. Was that the same cashier which serviced us?

I could see the same black points that scream in my own face. Maybe that's why
I'm so afraid to gender them. I know the pain of the doubt dissolving in
people's eyes. Would that person care? Maybe I am offending them avoiding
giving an answer. They were not wearing a bra nor had any signs of breasts.
Their clothes were slim and their jeans normal. There was nothing. Maybe nobody
but me noticed it. Maybe it's all just in my head.

Again, my mother talked with Luis. They talked about the pictures that had been
found. I couldn't take it anymore. I was trembling with rage. I put myself in
his place.

What would happen if it had been me instead, and they had found porn in my
laptop.

No, my father saw the pictures of me wearing a skirt. He told my mother and
they both called me to their bedroom. They ask me the questions.

_Why did I wear that? What was my motivation and reason? Why? When? Why?_

Every question like a punch would torture me. How can I lie? How can I escape?

Every question, every pull, every throb of pain pushes me away, makes it more
impossible for me to talk. I drown, the water fills my lungs as I try to scream
for help and air. Every gasp of air pushes me further towards death.

"What you're doing is wrong," I finally told her trying to catch my breath.

We talked and she cried again. She said she feels her sons so far away. _Why
can't we trust her? Why won't we open up?_

I explain my own reasons when I talk for Luis. "He'll do it whenever he's
ready. He has a right to keep his own secrets."

"They are women's," Luis said when I gave the box to my father as if I didn't
know.

"Are you buying woman's shoes?" he confirmed the obvious, incredulous.

"He's buying woman's shoes," he shared the truth with my father, but my dad
appeared to deny it.

I got up and walked upstairs. I saw him seating on the last steps looking down,
hiding in the darkness he's so scared of.

"Did you hear what we talked about?", I plan to ask him whenever I open up to
him.

### Sunday, November 22nd, 2015 "Iván Fernandez has updated her profile
picture"

What is this that I am feeling right now? I feel something deep in my chest.
It's heavy and dark. I see the color black. No, a purplish brown.

"You are free to go and see whomever you want. If you feel that the results
aren't what you want or that there are not enough changes, you are free to go."

Am I really?

Next session I can talk about the movie. Being seen; the girl who saw me and
asked me for favor; Eusebio and Jessica; Monica and her boyfriend—I have a lot
to talk about. Luis and my mother; I want the hormones.

I can't keep still. I feel so much energy inside of me that's burning. I have
to move and do something. I had a glimpse of happiness and I can't ignore it.

Is it really happiness or is it a trap?

He warned me how I'm feeling is something that everybody goes through when
they're changing.

Three weeks have passed since the last time I spoke a word to her.

Just two more weeks of classes and then university is gone. Where will I go
next? What will I do? Whom will I be?

I went to Catherine's house today. I worked on the spreadsheet and watched an
episode of Black Mirror in her couch. Her dog doesn't bark to me anymore. She
comes when I call her name. She lets me rub her.

"What did you do to her that now she likes you a little more?" asked me
Catherine.

"You like me now and she knows it".

What is the thought that sneaks trough my mind? What is that darkened image
that gives me goosebumps?

I can't concentrate right now. I can't think of something to write. It's like
there is an interference blocking the flow of images and feelings; a blockage
somewhere, an emergency system that shuts before the alarm blares.

I saw the trailer—was it yesterday? The Danish Girl. Barack Obama will make an
event where he'll show that movie and episodes of the series Transparent. For
a long time I avoided everything related to the subject.

No, that's not true. I looked for those themes. I remember memorizing the intro
of the episode in Pokemon where Ash and his friends enter this new city and the
camera looks from under their faces as they feel overthrown by the magnitude of
the buildings. That episode was the one where Ash has to dress in a pink dress
and pretend to be a girl so he can battle the gym leader. I did not look for
that episode; I did not record it. I did not even watch it more times than the
rest. The intro was just ingrained in my memory because there was something in
there that kidnapped my attention.

Sakura cardcaptors. I never followed that anime. Just one episode I remember
where they are in a gender-bending play.

I liked—and felt embarrassed about it—watching the anime Ranma 1/2. A young man
who fell in a cursed spring bath. A redheaded girl had drowned in there. Now,
every time that he was wet with hot water he transformed in a redheaded girl.

I remember being a child and watching a movie as I lied on my bed. It was late
at night and everyone was asleep. I repeated the part of the movie where the
little boy had to pretend to be a girl.

There is a pattern in all those memories. Was I really so oblivious? No, I knew
there was something there. I knew and I was ashamed. I liked the games
I sometimes played with Jessica, but I never asked her to play them. I was
ashamed when Edgar passed by one time and looked at us. I was scared somebody
could look at me and see through my head into my mind.

I had to hide; hide everything, every wish and feeling. I put on a mask to show
the world. I was always the serious kid, the calm child, the smart boy. Maybe
I was what everyone wanted from me because I knew I could never be what
I wanted for myself.

I never disliked the changes of puberty. I ignored them. Maybe looking like
a man I'd feel different?—No, I'm putting thoughts and feelings in my past.
I did ignore them; I never cared.

I was always scared of injections. I was scared for a whole year for a single
vaccine. Now, I'll need frequent bloodwork if I want the treatment. I remember
thinking I'd deny a live-saving treatment if it involved the use of syringes.
Is hormonal treatment life saving? Why don't I care anymore? Why do I want it
more than anything?

It's not really life-saving for me. I won't die if I don't start it.

It will allow me to really live. It's not life-saving, but life-giving.

### Monday, November 23th, 2015 "I feel like wearing a dress or something very
girly."

I know I dreamed something. I can't remember any details, but I recognize the
sensation of losing a known world.

I wrote a new tweet yesterday on the alternate Twitter account. Only two people
follow me; only two know of my existence. Why do I post things? I'm screaming
in an empty room where nobody can hear me.

What did we do today? Catherine came for me. I didn't shave; I could have, but
I decided not to. I used the electric razor instead. Why?

Tomorrow Catherine will come agian. She told me she'd drive me all week.

"Thursday you'll go to therapy," she told me as the thought entered her head,
"well, we can see it then, but the rest of the week."

She drove us to her therapy. I waited outside.

"Thanks, son", Liliana said after I told her something. She has to call me just
as everybody.

I don't know what Catherine has told her. Would using another gender break the
confidential agreement with Catherine; whatever Catherine talks about in there
has to stay there.

What happened then the first day I went? She used the feminine that time.

Did she know it was me? Who I were? Was it a lapsus?

Today we did enter Vinicio's class. He saw a patient and then asked for
observations. I participated. I opened my mouth and let a little view of inside
my thoughts for everybody to take a peek. That's what he wanted. He talked
about assignments, exceptions, positive connotation.

What would he tell me had I been the patient? René told me I could go with
whomever I wanted wherever I wanted. I don't want a therapist anymore—I do need
one, it would be absurd to say otherwise. But I need a doctor, an
endocrinologist. Someone who can fix my body rather than my mind.

Jhonny gave us a survey from one of his friends. It was a market study about
craft beers. Catherine and I know little about them, but we do drink them
sometimes. Edgar brews them. There were no difficult questions. It surprised me
they didn't ask about my age or my gender this time. Except those questions
wouldn't come until the second page. I skipped the gender one. Why do they
care? Does it make a difference? Yes, it does. There is a purpose of knowing
whether men or women are the ones who prefer them or which types are most
bought by whom or what gender goes to which places. It's not that they don't
need the information, it's that I don't know what is it they want from me.
Either I lie to them or I lie to myself.

I finished and kept the sheet. The sun was blinding me and I used it to cover
my eyes. I did see some things. I heard some of the words they were speaking.
I followed some of the session that was happening in front of the class.
I looked into Catherine's sheets. It used to be a secret shared by both of us.
Two years ago we both had to give a talk about transvestism. We hadn't have
done it yet ourselves, but we were partners in that crime. I felt safe in her
company. She helped my carry some of the guilt and some of the shame. As time
went by, our paths drifted apart. Now, I am not alone since she's still by my
side. I am alone, though, carrying this secret. She has her own; hers is
different to mine. To her, it's a big and heavy weight to carry. Mine, to me,
is the biggest and cruelest burden anybody could ever imagine.

She thanked me just now about me being here for her; listening, asking
questions, staying whenever she cries. Has she forgotten how she has been here
for me as well? My world, my reality, my whole self broke in front of my eyes
and she stayed there to help me pick up the pieces.

I don't deserve her thanks. After she listened, stayed, and held my hand I left
her on her birthday to never come back. I transformed on my stay in Spain;
I changed to never be the same. I wasn't the April she was getting used to
like; I stopped being the Sofía she thought I had left behind. I came back as
a shadow of what I was supposed to be. I wore the mask of a phantom.

"I'd never given it a thought: I didn't say good bye to Ivan."

### Tuesday, November 24th, 2015 "Va a sufrir un montón."

"Estudió psicología, es por eso."

It wasn't Anahí's birthday today yet we gave her a present and a card. We
bought a snoopy mug and a _quinceañera_ card. We scratched off some things and
decorated it. I wrote something for her after Catherine did.

"Do you have a picture with Anahí?" asked me Catherine.

I sent her one from Halloween. Was it because it was the last time we saw each
other or because it's the only time I've showed her my real self?

_Real self_, those fucking words make me sick. I'm tired of writing and saying
this kind of melodramatic bullshit.

I want to scream. I have only one self, I am one single person. I may be sick
and broken, but that is who I fucking am. I'm tired of drowning in this
self-deprecating pit of sadness and cliché words.

Why am I this angry?

Did I take my life-pills?

My death-pills.

I did. Only one, but they'll last me. I'll ask my father for money tomorrow.

Catherine wants to live alone. She liked being alone and not needing anyone.
Even if we went to the capital for our master's, after returning she'd wish to
live on her own. It hurt me, but I can't pinpoint why exactly.

I'd like being alone; living alone. I don't mind it. Even then, I was scared of
the idea of being on my own as a woman. Be it Mexico City or Vienna, I was
scared of not being with her. After she said that; after hearing Zayra talk
about her own age and the time she left after studying and deciding to stay and
do something else; I lost that fear, I decided to go.

Catherine talked about how, to her, it meant doing something different. She's
always seen herself doing what's next; to her, staying here and looking for
a job is changing that pattern.

Maybe that's how it is to her. To me, it's the other way around. To me looking
for a job, postponing the master and staying in my father's house living this
life, that for me is continuing doing the same thing; it's avoiding what
I really want and taking the path of what I want to do, who I want to be.

We went to the Castro-Limon foundation, a children's cancer hospital. We had
a talk with the director of the psychooncology department. It was about the
types of grief in children. What is it for a kid to know that they soon will
die? How is it for a little boy to lose his big sister? How is it for parents
to realize their little girl won't live enough to reach her puberty?

The receptionist addressed us all as women. I was a man surrounded by women.
The psychologist, though, kept using masculine pronouns, the neutral ones.
Everytime I am in a group of women and they talk in neutral pronouns, it's
because of me. They change their way of talking after seeing me, noticing me.
I am the reason we stop being a group of women. I am the one who changes the
whole group. Every "guys" comes with a look to my own eyes.

We entered in pairs to see the aisles. We tied back our hair and wore
facemasks. There were kids playing with one of the other psychologists. One of
them was in a wheelchair, the other one was seated.

We talked after Anahí's session. We went to the café besides the Chinese place
where we once ate. We sat on the second floor. Again, like Halloween, the
barista said _bienvenidas_ when Catherine and Anahí were in front. I hid behind
their femininity. Did he look at me? No, nobody does; when they do, the group
changes and we transform to a group requiring masculine pronouns.

Anahí's mother and brother both know about me. It wasn't until we were on the
way home that I asked her.

"Did you tell Isaias about me?"

"Yes... I should tell him the next session, _do you remember the girl who was
beside me?, yeah, that's the one._"

Catherine cried yesterday after I asked her about going to sleep. We stayed out
of my house talking inside her car. What were we talking about? Something she's
hiding. What is she so scared of showing that she has to cover with degrees?
Why is she so scared of evaluations? What is she hiding behind the false unmet
expectations of being a bad student?

She cried and everything that I moved, trembled.

"_It should be the other way around_; I saw myself talking about my mother as
if she were the child and me not taking my own place."

I always told her I wouldn't come back from Spain. Even in that assignment from
our humanities class, I couldn't see a future after returning from Spain.
Yolanda feared I would kill myself over there. I was supposed to die and never
come back.

In a way, I did. Iván died there and never returned; his future ended.

### Wednesday, November 25th, 2015 "_No sé, a nosotras nos pareció gracioso._"

"_Muchachas, está ocupado este asiento?_"

I couldn't woke up today. It's hard, I feel tired. The day has ended and
I still need to make the report from last week. I heard the door and their
voices. He entered my room, but I can't remember what was the reason he used to
come in. He was interrupting a dream. I remember the scene; it's like the room
is dark, like my eyes are full of water and I cover myself in the shelter of my
sheets. I was not sad. I had no reason to be sad, nothing has happened.

Yesterday I saw them, Catherine and Anahí. I did send her a message.

"Thank you for opening up to us, I really liked seeing you. You looked pretty,
I don't think I told you."

Catherine would ask me later if we talked. No, we didn't. I sent her a message,
but it was nothing. She answered it today in the afternoon—Or was it earlier?
Anahí asked Catherine if she had gotten angry about the status she wrote on
Catherine's phone. She was.

Anahí talked about me using feminine pronouns. Why does it feel weird still?
Why is it so strange? I wasn't part of the conversation. I wasn't there and it
was something I wasn't supposed to read or know.

I can understand it from Catherine. Anahí still stumbles with it. It's not the
first time it's happened.

Liliana and Catherine talk in the same way. Carlos,too. Whenever she talks with
Miguel she doesn't use that name.

Does he? He sees me as a man.

Does Anahí see me as a feminine man? An affeminate man with a wish to be
treated as one of them? Is my name a nickname? Why does it feel so demeaning?
It borders pathetic.

Except that's what it is; a wish.

I had thought about saying it, mentioning it to Eusebio and Jessica.

I considered telling the name and and even explaining more to Paola. _Just so
you don't think they are preferred_. It's easier to tell her.

No, it's not; it's the same.

I saw Eusebio and Jessica before the movie. I was wearing a skirt and my face
was full of make up. I got called "girl". I had the time, the opportunity, the
atmosphere. Everything was there just for me to make use of it. I let it
escape.

Why does it scare me?

Why did I prefer to send a text message to René cancelling next session instead
of calling him? I was scared. I was scared of dialing and waiting for him to
pick up. What would I say next after his _yes?_. How would I introduce myself.
I am scared of meeting a new psychologist or seeking a doctor. It was easier
making up a motive, a problem.

How will I introduce myself?

Who am I?

Should I say _Iván_?

He asked me how I wanted to be referred in session. I took his offer.

How could I say Iván, then? How can I say Sofía? Am I her? Am I me?

What if he laughs? What if he gets confused?

What if I am wrong?

How can I go to a doctor and ask for pills? That's what scares me; not the
pills, not their effects, not the idea of taking them. I'm afraid of asking for
them.

I want them to be offered to me. I want him to put them in my hands to wave
them in front of me just as he did with the antidepressants and the name; just
as Anahí asked me how should she refer to me after I mumbled and rambled; just
as I am waiting for Eusebio and Jessica to give it to me, too, unasked.

If I talk, if I ask, they might say no.

Monica said no. Monica left. Monica is gone.

Iván is gone, too.

I killed him and I sent her away.

It sometimes is weird to look at the picture on my bookshelf. The gift she gave
me for one of my birthdays. There's a picture of her in a grey dress besides
me. She's small and smiling. My arm surrounds her and I'm bigger, with a bigger
smile. Both of them are strangers now. They are both part of a past that is no
more. I see them as a foggy dream from which I just woke up; an image that will
dissipate and get lost forever.

### Thursday, November 26th, 2015 "It's not that I won't like it. It's that
I won't make it."

"I'm scared that I won't make it either. The difference is that for me is not
just a master; I can't reapply again or pick another one. If I fail, I have no
other choice."

"How would you not make it?"

"I don't know, failing to find somewhere to live or get a job; being
discriminated, pointed at, screamed to, assaulted, raped, killed."

I cried in her car like how I used to.

It wasn't exactly the same. This time it hurt; this time I could feel every
little prick of the pain. I let it hug me, its darkness covered me and I felt
its warmth surround me. I was burning and let the flames go through me. I cried
more and the tears flowed as my body was evaporating leaving nothing but my
fragile being behind.

In the morning I drove to the hospital. The plan was to meet there. The teacher
and the patient were supposed to arrive half an hour after Catherine. I was the
first one to get there. The guard saw me and let me in with a "champ" and
a "sir". Usually he uses only one.

He flirted innocently with Catherine. She was the prettiest woman who had
entered that day, he said.

"He was in a good mood," she explained.

The patient and her mother were not there. The teacher didn't arrive either, 15
minutes after the meeting time.

There was another thing different in today's morning. I shaved like I used to
do. Did I shave my chest or was that yesterday? I combed and tied my hair.
I took the angry birds bag full of make up out of my underwear drawer.

Did it change how I looked? Was it anything different in me? The guard, at
least, saw the same person he always does.

An hour after, the patient wasn't there. We talked instead with the professor.
I didn't know she is Colombian. I never imagined it.

She was kind and nice to us. She shared with us her story. I don't have to
share this secret of mine with her. I don't have to tell anybody; if I do, it's
because I want to.

She offered to give us a ride.

"See you later," she said.

We didn't return. I left my car in the parking lot of the Law building.
Catherine drove us to _Playas_. Dax, specifically. She would buy some things.
I wanted a lipstick; it's the only thing I was missing. I was wearing make up
when I got inside the store. I wore make up all day.

Did anybody notice it?

Nobody has said anything. Does that mean something?

Would they?

I bought one and tried it after coming back from Argana. It had little sparkles
in its color. My lips were pink and shiny. I hated it. I saw the shinning spots
of the drag queens' dresses and make up. I felt sick. That's not what I am;
this is not who I am. I asked Catherine to borrow one of the wipes she had
bought and cleaned my lipes.

"You didn't look like that," she told me. "I liked it, but I understand how you
felt."

Catherine drove us back to school. We had to be in the theater by 16h. Our
white polos were in the back seat. One men's medium and a women's large.
Catherine hadn't tried any of them before. I put mine, the man's, over my pink
t-shirt and then, over that, my gray sweater.

I accompanied her to the bathroom in the computer lab so she could change.
I offered her several times to change t-shirts. Mine was bigger and looser;
I am a little slimmer than her; mine might fit her better.

She denied my offers and came out of the bathroom looking fine. I was
disappointed. More than that, I was envious.

The ceremony was nothing special. We took pictures and smiled. We laughed and
sang the stupid hymn of the school.

We're done. We're almost out. It's so close to the end I can't really believe
it.

The last day of classes will be Tuesday, the 8th.

"You won't go to school after that?", asked my father when I told him. "When is
your graduation?

"Do you know what you'll do after? After school?"

"Yes." Now I do know exactly what I'll do; I'm just terrified of all of it.

### Friday, November 27th, 2015 "_Chicas, me ayudan llenando esta encuesta
sobre el servicio? En un minuto vuelvo por ellas._"

It's been 27 days of this month. The streak today will reach 27; tomorrow will
be four weeks. Four weeks will be the time before they tell us our results.

I dreamed about Monica. She said his name and I left the room.

Why does it matter? I didn't care, did I? Miguel, from elementary school was
the one who asked me how I was. She mentioned him, but I offended her.
I criticized her point of view.

I couldn't remember when I told Catherine about my dream. Now I recall even
less.

_I dreamed with Monica_ I wrote. I corrected myself. I don't dream with her,
I dream about her. In my dreams I construct an image of my perceptions made of
her memories, but she's not here nor there. She's somewhere.

Again, I thought about her. I was driving home. At first, when I started
redacting this sentenced, I feared it was while I was exchanging voice messages
with Catherine. Now, it is _with her_. She wasn't besides me, but even in the
distance Catherine was with me.

No, I hadn't started yet. Why did I think of her? What was it?

_If we had talked, if she had stayed; if we were friends still,_ I remember
now.

I had just left Catherine by her car on the hotel's parking lot. During the
recess we slept in there and talked about tomorrow.

_Could I wear the dress? Maybe the sweater..._ Why do I feel the need to look
like that again?

My car stopped just stepping out of the porche. I tried turning it on several
times; on the fifth one it started.

I didn't want to drive. It was better for me to leave now since it was dark and
raining.

So, I remembered the last time I was outside dressed like that. It was the day
of the movies. Eusebio and Jessica were with me. They said nothing, but a girl
did see me as a woman. The did say something, but I didn't continue. They
weren't the only ones who saw me. Monica did. I wanted to know what did she
think, what did she see. Did he see me, too? Does he know? Did he ask
something?

Why do I care?

Why do I care so much? A little part of me, a naïve part of me, hoped the next
day I'd receive a message from her trying to mend things up.

_You looked nice_, _You surprised me_, _I didn't expect to see you there_.

Something, anything. A question, a comment; some words with a little message
folded inside hiding an apology and the regret of letting the things like they
were.

I think that was what kept hurting me. Reminding myself that no matter how much
I try to fool myself, I still care and miss her.

I don't know what to write next.

It was the EGEL, the final exam. I started to get worried yesterday. I hadn't
studied nor cared. What if I wasn't as ready as I thought? What if I end up
with a mediocre score? I won't fool myself thinking I'll fail it. It would
actually surprise me, but part of me really hopes to get an onorific mention.
I didn't want to study, to actually try. It would hurt a lot more to try and
end up failing.

I didn't really expect it to be so easy. I saw the questions in the guide and
they were difficult, confusing. The ones in the test were clearer, easier. The
first section was familiar, the last one was almost fun. I like those subjects.
I enjoy the numbers and the research methods.

I fantasized about getting the medal; the mention during the graduation. Maybe
somebody who did study will get it. I didn't really try these last semesters.
It would be kind of unfair to me to win. Although it is unfair the idea that
I have to earn a greater score just because of who I am.

Most of them didn't know me a year ago. Now they asked questions. I looked like
some kind of expert. What do they see in me that gives them that idea?

What do they see in me at all?

What do everybody sees in me and why do I want to know about it so much?

### Saturday, November 28th, 2015 Three days until the end of the month. Then,
one week and classes will be over. I don't know yet how should I feel or what
will I do.

I don't want to think about school. That's why the chapter of the project
remains undone and the analysis incomplete. Why I haven't started Monday's
expo.

I want to drink today. Even then, I don't feel like drinking. I don't want the
alcohol in my body; that's not the sensation I'm looking for.

I want to go out like that Thursday. I want to wear those kind of clothes, walk
and be seen. I want to feel the nervousness of being looked at, the fear of
being exposed, the joy of them using the right way of addressing me; even the
pain of them thinking they got it right.

I want that. I knew I would, even before I started doing it. I feared I would
get addicted. I am afraid now.

Will it stop when someone actually acts rude or turns aggressive? What will
happen when someone confronts me? When a known person meets me and asks me
uncomfortable questions, or when a group of kids start laughing at me and
recording me?

Will I stop then? Will I bury these feelings, try to burn everything as I'm
wearing it, and drown the ashes in a deep pool of melancholy?

Will I want it still? Or will I want it even more?

Why do I long to have these same thoughts of pain and misery? Why can't I focus
instead on the times I've smiled, the times I couldn't even believe were
happening?

I woke up in the dark morning. I fell asleep earlier than usual and woke up at
3h. I covered myself in the sheets and turned to my sides, exiting and entering
different dreams. It was like a revolving door where inside was my own mind and
outside were reality. I was trapped in a moving circle where I'd see the
fantasy of the dream my unconscious was creating and then catch a glimpse of
the familiarity of the real world.

I'd remember things that have never happened and then others which did.

I've ran out of thoughts.

I don't want to stay in those of always. Why should I always write about the
same things? Why do I keep coming back to the usual—when it's not Monica and
how much I either hate her or miss her, is my own body or my mind; then I talk
about Catherine and her own path and the way she helps me which makes me either
laugh or cry. Everything is stuff I can't believe. I can't believe how Monica
left; I can't believe how can I still miss her; I can't believe how much I want
Catherine; I can't believe how people can see me as a woman; I can't believe
how I dared to tell my mother and Anahí; I can't believe how I haven't told
Eusebio and Jessica yet. I can't believe how much all of this hurts me and
I can't believe how happy it makes me.

It's as if I've always been in the same bubble surrounded by the same reality.
Now that it's burst, I can't believe anything could be different. I haven't
gotten used to the things that the world can offer or throw at me.

I just remembered I haven't taken my pill. My life-pill, my death-pill. The
happy-pills, the melancholy-pills.

Anahí didn't know I'm taking medication. She was surprised.

I thought yesterday about her reaction and her face. It was surprise, alright,
but there were other things in there.

Was there fear? Excitement? Disbelieve?

Why was she surprised? Maybe she couldn't believe I'd do it. Is it something
that makes it real or something that she never thought I'd do? Maybe it is
something that she should had seen before.

How would it be had I started taking hormones? I started with the change.
I started changing reality. Am I not ready?

Is she not?

Had she noticed some changes that would make her believe I started already? Has
my body changed somehow?

"I should say the next session: _you saw the girl who was next to me, yeah,
it's her_".

Would someone recognize me like that? Would anyone really relate my own image
with the word _girl_? Why do I forget all the times it's happened already?

_You look like a woman._

_Oh, you? I had seen you, but I thought you were a woman._

_Girl, could you take a picture of us?_

_Excuse me, girls, would you help me with this questionnaire about our
service?_

### Sunday, November 29th, 2015 "_Se ven solo un poco rojos; di que tienes frío
cuando entres._"

"_Disculpen, ¿tienen sus IDs?_"

We went out like we were supposed to. I stayed outside her house until
midnight. We both did. We talked and cried. I made her cry. This time it wasn't
because I said the right thing. I made her cry like I was used to.

What happened during our night out?

Before that.

My father went out with my brother to his school thing. I was in pajamas when
they left. I had already told them I was going to go out. They knew. I didn't
have to ask for permission nor explain anything. I had just finished yesterday
the most important test of my life.

My father offered to give me a ride. I said no, but gave no reason.

I didn't mind not drinking. The purpose of the night wasn't to drink. I was
going to be intoxicating with a different kind of vice. I would get drunk with
the looks of strangers.

There was just one thing I hadn't planned. How would I get out? Should I get
out with my make up done? My face painted, but my body covered with a familiar
disguise? The long sweater with painted face would be too much.

I started covering the physical mask when I looked straight into the mirror and
got scared. It was too much. They would notice.

My father hadn't arrived; my brother and my mother were in their rooms. I had
to leave before they'd get out. It was 10 minutes until my estimated time of
leaving. I got my things ready and went out. The lights were off. The first
floor was complete empty.

As I stepped out the door, my dad's black pick up started parking, blocking my
exit. I raised my hand and pointed to the car. He understood without seeing me
completely. I got in the car and left.

I had to stop a couple of blocks ahead. I didn't send a message to Catherine.
I had neither data nor credit.

Besides getting gas, I had to stop in the convenience store. I took my shirt
and undershirt off. I was in just my bra when a group of kids were walking
towards my car. It was only 18h, but it was completely dark. I put on my
sweater and head off before they reached me.

A lot of people saw me. I don't know what they really saw. Did people see
a girl, a boy dressed as one, someone or me?

Which of them am I?

I asked for credit and started dictating my phone number. My voice is
a traitor. It's a coarse and poisoned razor that scratches my throat as it
leaves my lips.

Even in silence, even before I mouth a single word, they notice me. Does the
paint on my face changes a thing? Do the clothes?

What was it that made that Carl's jr worker call us girls?

There is a doubt in people's eyes. I ignore what doubt really means. They don't
know if I'm a man or a woman. They get it wrong and correct themselves because
they're not sure. Because they are not sure, they can get convinced.

If they can get convinced, why did the lady in the sex shop looked at my
severely? Why did she try to hide her looks?

Why the fuck do I care?

Catherine forgot her wallet. She didn't have either money nor ID. How could we
drink without an ID? I hadn't really thought about that. They'd never asked for
it before in those places.

In zenzontle they didn't. There were just women working that night. One of them
offered us the samples to pick a flavor. I opened my mouth and spoke.
I couldn't see what her eyes exposed about herself. Did she know?

They don't use any pronouns. In Spanish, where every other word conveys
a gender, I couldn't get an idea of what they saw.

What does it matter? Does it make a difference if they know what I hide between
my legs even though they don't say or do anything? Why does their knowing hurt
me?

In the second bar, the woman there did ask us. Catherine told her the truth.
The two of us left before she said anything back.

What would have happened if Catherine would have had it with her? She would had
given it to her and it would later be my turn. Would she notice the name or
just look at my picture? Would she confirm what she already suspected? Would it
give her permission to say something hurtful? Would she discover something she
hadn't imagined?

Did she asked for them because of me?

We saw the movie. We sat there in the last row. We were behind what's-her-name
and her boyfriend. One of them couldn't find their tickets. Would she had
recognized me if she had turned? Would she had seen through me?

When the movie ended Catherine wondered if the girl in the last row was her
friend. She stood and looked at her and wondered. I was upset with that, but
said nothing until we were outside her house. I hurt her with what I answered
to her comment.

"Would you let your dad see me like this?", I asked her aware of the cruelty of
my question. "Would you mind if I step out and say hi?"

She forgot her id. She forgot her wipes. I made it seem like me having to enter
back in my house with a face full of make up was her fault. It's something she
feels bad about. I brought it up. It hurts me, but why?

I had the wrong idea. No, things have changed. I liked that people knew about
me. I liked that she told Carlos and Miguel and Yarely and everybody else
around her. Now, I didn't want Vania to know. I didn't want her to know I am
_her boyfriend_.

I am _Iván, the weird boy; the faggot, the crossdresser_.

That's what I am to everybody who knows me. It doesn't matter what the
strangers see. There is not a past for them to tie me to. The people who do
know me, be it that girl from high school and her boyfriend; Miguel or Eusebio
and Jessica or Yarely; my mom or her mom; to all of them I am, and always will
be, Iván.

Even if I let them see me, even if I take the mask off, all they will ever see
is the old mask behind my true face.

### Monday, November 30th, 2015 "I can have a birth certificate with my real
name that says I'm a woman."

"_¿Eres la secretaria de la doctora?_"

"_¿Puedes decirle a mi próximo paciente que salgo en un minuto?, gracias
m'ijo."

I wrote yesterday about something else.

Did I write early? Why wouldn't I mention it?

Maybe I did and I just don't remember now.

What was it that made me look up the info?

I want to start now.

I thought about looking for a group; seeing what's up. I could send an email to
that psychologist or to that doctor who coordinates the group. I could ask them
for info, a referral; anything.

First, I had to see what groups were out there. Then I remembered, there is one
group. There is a group for transgender girls, the sexologist of COCUTT talked
about it.

Yesterday I wanted a bigger picture, though. That's how I went down the
rabbit's hole.

I opened the browser in private mode and typed in the keywords of my search.
Almost all of the results were of erotic nature. Advertising, announcements,
soliciting posts looking for traps, shemales, trannys—all those terms which
I've learned to hate.

Only three of them were different on that first page. One was a chronicle of
the life of a transexual woman here in Tijuana. Another was a blog post about
the situation of the transsexuals in the border. The third one, I think, was an
interview with the leader drag prostitute from the poorest neighborhood in
Guadalajara.

It wasn't until subsequent pages where I found old news about different clinics
here in Tijuana. One of them was from two years ago. The clinic would be
inaugurated as the first LGBTI clinic in the state. Dr Cabrales would be who
would give medical attention. I, at first, wondered if I'd go with him. I knew
then that it didn't matter since the clinic doesn't exist. There is no clinic
now; it's a dead project.

Would I reach out to him anyway? Would I dare?

I read about another clinic which is close to Catherine's house. Later would
I find it's specialized in HIV and AIDS. The articles would show me how the
transgender population has one of the biggest risks about contracting HIV. It
made sense that its Trans care focused on that specifically.

I regret now reading those other articles. The United States gives political
asylum to the trans women who ask for it. The discrimination is so ingrained in
this society that even cops are one of the biggest assailants. Discriminated
from jobs, being targeted and picked up from the street where prostitutes offer
their service; being forced to undress in front of the other inmates,
humiliated, attacked; killed.

The chronicle from Guadalajara talked about how they are resigned to never get
to old age. They are less scared of death than becoming old. Dying it's
a relief to then. Who would want to live in hell?

Even the most educated were ignored in job interviews when they saw the
discordance between the name of their documents and the image they presented.

I had already thought about that. That scared me. In the United States it's
legal to change your name; people there do it all the time. Here, it's not so
easy. Your whole identity is linked to the name which is given upon you in your
first days of life.

I really didn't expect what would come next. I was scared, I was afraid and
nervous. The catastrophic future I had seen when I cried in René's couch was
coming true. I saw my future and I doubted it wouldn't be worse than death. The
impotence clenched my limbs and covered my mouth with its long and black
fingers asphyxiating me with my own screams.

What was it that I remembered?

I told Anahí my future would be brighter in the capital. There would be
a better life for me. There you can change your papers. It's hard, but there is
a way. I looked for the exception that would condemn me to hell. I searched
with the expectation to fail.

I was wrong.

It's easier than I could imagine.

I met with the idea I had. There is a trial; you come in front of a judge and
expose your case. You are judged by a doctor and a psychologist, yo go through
months of hormones and other series of requisites, jump through some hoops,
land on your feet, and, after paying tens of thousands of pesos, you can have
your corrected papers.

Except that was the old way. The new way is just 10 labour days, five hundred
pesos, and you can have a corrected birth certificate. I can have a birth
certificate saying that Sofía Fernandez was born on the 7th of january two
decades ago, and that she's a woman.

It was unbelievable. It was amazing. It made me smile and cleansed the sorrow
that burned my throat.

I thought I'd go to sleep with a smile and wake up as the happiest person on
earth.

Today, it was just another day.

