# 2015 — 22 years old

## December, 2015

### Tuesday, December 1st, 2015 "It's the lack of control. I can ask Chevica to
start calling me Sofía; I can tell my mother that I am her daughter; I can tell
my father. But, I can't tell yours—be it today or tomorrow or in a few weeks or
months—I can't talk about me without exposing you."

I was going to wear something familiar. I took my brother's larger shirt to the
bathroom with me. I ended up breaking an old sweater's neck as I stretched it.
I didn't shave, but I did wear make up.

A year ago—no, at the start of the semester, I was reluctant to the idea of
wearing a bra under my clothes. Today I wore make up to all my classes;
everything but lipstick.

Why am I so reckless? How can I be so desperate of being noticed and seen?
I want my face to give me away so my mouth can stay shout guarding my voice and
my secret remain in silence.

It was Vinicio's last class. He told us about the last essay and gave us a last
speech. To work in what we can; to keep studying and not give up an opportunity
even if it's not what we want. A couple of months ago, his words would have
destroyed me. I received them with a smile. How many jobs will I lose because
of _my condition_? It's not a condition. It's not a sickness or something
I came up with; it's not the flu nor a cancer. It's who I am. I remember the
fear of being rejected because of being a man. How many jobs specifically asked
for a female applicant, how many opportunities I wasn't capable of
participating in because of my genitals.

Now it's even worse. I am not a man, I am not a woman; I am not _normal_.

Yesterday Catherine and I stayed in her car outside of my house. She had her
therapy session and talked about what she has been keeping to herself, to
ourselves. She asked me for a break, a rest. I couldn't give it to her. Even
now I can't stay immobile; I can't stop.

How can I be this hypocritical? I want her to share, to talk to her father,
I want her father to know about me knowing I can't talk to my mine.

I am no different to her mother.

_Don't you think it is time to release me from this burden?_

Zayra will give us a second class tomorrow. Suicide will be the theme of it. It
will be a familiar picture. I am a little scared of her class' workshop this
Friday, of our last day in school, our last time there.

Anahí was going to meet us before Vinicio's class.

Did someone notice me? What did they see? To whom do I change for? Who do
I want to see me and notice me?

I can't take those words out of my mind.

_Paola, I wanted to tell you something before Eusebio and Jessica so you don't
get any idea of favoritism._

_Jessica, I remembered how you told me you sometimes don't do something if
you're not asked to, even when you know it is something they need. I need
something from you. You mentioned briefly how Catherine referred to me in the
feminine way and that it was something I could get from you. I am asking you._

_Eusebio, I thinks it's the most difficult for me to open up with men. I feel
like I betray them. I don't know nor I'm close with many; I've been having
a hard time getting close to my dad and brothers. I hadn't realized it, but
I think it has something to do with the idea of betraying what I thought I was,
what I should have been. You and I, we were the only men in our group of
friends. It may sound a little absurd, but I have this feeling that I am
letting you behind with what I have to ask of you._

_Johanna, you were one of my closest friends in my time in Europe. I didn't
really open up to almost anyone. I am having something so heavy and guarded and
I want to share it with you._

_Luis, I have a really good time with you. I like you very much, I love you.
I am sorry for not being the big brother you should have had._

_Dad, I am not a man. I am not your son. Dad, I am trans._

### Wednesday, December 2nd, 2015 "Thank you, 8th-or-9th-semester guys, you
helped us gain that 100."

She walked towards the bathroom and, in my memory, I'm grasping her hand
letting her guide my steps. She invited me in—how many times did we talk
already of doing this? In our imagination we would enter nonchalantly and focus
only on ourselves.

This time it was different. We were both inside, but we were nervous—at least
I was. What if somebody saw me? What if a girl were to enter? What if, instead
of a student, it were a teacher?

We opened the doors and each entered a stall. The last one was dirty; a thin
ribbon of dried blood marked the white marble.

It felt weird, despite not being the first time I've entered a women's
bathroom.

I am six years old—no, I am five, maybe even four. I am a little boy visiting
his mother's kindergarden. There are no kids beside me. The school is almost
empty. Is it afternoon or a non-school day?

I have to go to the bathroom. There is nobody except the two of us and workers.
The janitor, a close friend of my mom, is there too. He is working, cleaning
something or doing some manual work. All of the classrooms are closed. The
bathrooms are not open either. Where can I go?

The girls' restroom is open. A little girl dressed in a coloured dress is
painted on the door. My mother tells me to just walk in.

I don't want to. I can't keep it in for much longer. I start to cry.

Why can't I go in? What is it that I fear?

My mother told me to; there is no other option. There is nobody who'd see me or
tell me anything.

What am I so afraid that anybody will think? My mother called the janitor. He
came to us and tried to convince me to come in. Nothing will happen, he assures
me. He goes inside to show me. He is a boy and he went in. Do I see now? He's
still a man; nothing has changed. I understand that, I am not an idiot. I know
I won't lose my penis. I know I will remain being a boy. That's why I can't
enter; I am not allowed. I am a boy. That's what brought me to tears.

No, that's the reason I cry now, not then. Back then I was a boy, now I am not.

Sometimes I get really scared by the idea that I'm brainwashing myself.

I have to write an essay for Vinicio's class this semester. Last night he sent
us the files from which we can pick the one we want. I saw several interesting.
A couple of them were about sexuality. The first one I opened was a study done
in Mexico City. It explored the difference in emotional reaction to certain
stimuli between heterosexual people and transsexual ones.

I read it complete before falling asleep. I was angry. There was a quote from
a ten year old paper using an old and disputed categorization. Either you were
a kid who always knew and grew with uncontrollable dysphoria and a heterosexual
desire or you realized after the 35 years of old age, had a variant sexual
orientation and would later repent your decision to transition.

I fit in neither. To these people I was nonexistent. Again, I felt invisible.

But I was sad before that.

"Sometimes I say _he_ or _Iván_; I don't do it on purpose. I feel bad, it's not
my intention to make her feel bad." Anahí confessed to Catherine on their way
home.

"I don't understand how you expect someone to ask you to call them differently.
When she presented herself to me as transgender, I understood. _Oh, ok, then
she is a girl,_ I'd call her the way she identifies.

"How can they don't know? They are psychology majors. They are her so-called
_friends_."

Tomorrow is my second to last day of classes in the University. I don't know
how I feel about it. I won't even go to campus.

I remember the last day of classes in high school. Monica was my girlfriend.
No, that's not true. We were not a couple yet. We had kissed before. We would
wait until classes ended, on our way out of school, and kiss in the lips before
going our different ways. I didn't feel anything that day. People were in the
halls, some were in the plaza. There was music I think? I don't remember having
any classes that day. Everyone was sad and emotional. I felt nothing. I was not
sad or morose, not then. I was just uninterested.

Will the day after tomorrow feel like that?

Tomorrow is my first session as Sofía. Will it be any different? Maybe that's
how I'll start. Maybe the whole theme of this new stage of my life will be
about changes.

### Thursday, December 3rd, 2015 "Bienvenidas."

"Yeah, the phone just shows me the number and I didn't recognize the voice.
I actually thought it was a girl."

René was standing behind the door with his hands crossed in front of him.
Catherine thought he was waiting for me. I almost rang the doorbell. Catherine
stopped me and I hesitated in the time the door opened. He was waiting for
a girl in the bathroom to close the door. I didn't understand his words and
stopped mid-step as he started speaking. He told me I could go inside his
office. Catherine offered to close the door for him. We started. How did
I start?

In the faculty I had to go to the bathroom. We were outside the Gessel chamber
waiting for the professor. I remembered there was a bathroom inside the
modules. Again, I worried. Where should I go, men's or women's? I am a men; to
every known person that's what I am, how I look. To strangers I would like to
think they sometimes see me as a woman, but do they really?

I woke up early in the morning. This is the last time I'll wake for an early
class. There are no more trips to the child's hospital. Today was the last
_sir_ and _champ_ from the guard. Tomorrow is the last day of classes. I say it
over and over and yet the idea doesn't seem to really sink in.

I am crying and feel desperate. I am like a little child again in my pajamas
with my face all wet in the darkness after waking up my parents in their room.
They are confused and irritated. What happened? This time there is more
confusion than anything else. I am not a kid anymore. What am I doing?

"I can't take it anymore. Dad, I am not your son; I am not Iván. I am sorry,
I am so sorry. I can't; please, forgive me." I can't keep the tears in. I vomit
incomprehensible words and shake uncontrollably. "I am trans, I am sorry."

Why am I imagining this?

I wore a pair of leggings without back up jeans. I picked a white shirt and the
long red sweater like the first time I wore feminine clothes outside of my
house. Then I would never imagine wearing them inside the faculty. I didn't
know I'd be in the university. I'd see our patient and then go to my own
therapy. The class would be the last thing of our day.

There was another patient who didn't come. I lost the count of the number of
patients that have abandoned me. Do I even care anymore?

My car's transmission got stuck in the first shift. It was failing all the way
to René's office. I had called him to tell I'd be a little late. There was no
parking outside of the school where I usually park. Catherine walked with me.
I talked about these last two weeks. I cried talking about my father. René
thinks I am trying to protect him. I want to solely suffer this pain rather
than share it with him.

The class would be in the faculty. We returned there and waited in the middle
of the buildings. We stood there in each others' arms. She was in a step that
made her a couple of inches taller than me. I could rest my head in her chest
and raise my arms to entangle behind her neck. Victor didn't recognize us. He
saw us; he saw me, but had to hear her before he could realize who we were.

After returning from the restroom the girls from the class saw me. They didn't
say anything. What could they?

"The class will be in the room 202 of the 1A building," one classmate said.

We went there. We were playing on Catherine's tablet when another one told us
the teacher had asked us to bring the television from the other room.

"She asked the men to bring it... you, * was just outside, the two of you could
go."

I don't like being noticed like this. I'm a man. I'm strong, stronger than
them. I didn't ask for it. I don't want it.

Catherine talked in my defense. "It's big and heavy. They'd have to go down and
then up again; and that's just one way."

I ended up not going.

After class, we walked to a japanese restaurant. We ate pizza. I took a picture
of her and shared it. The waiter used femenine pronouns for us twice. After
I spoke he avoided them. Did my voice betray me again?

Is that the reason why I started singing these last few days? Is that why
I keep mocking Catherine, to see if I can fake her voice?

I never heard myself as I did in the way home. I fooled René without trying.

Why am I so ashamed of trying?

### Friday, December 4th, 2015 There are four doors in front of me.

The first one is made of cold and gray steel with a black long handle. Beyond
it lies all the images and memories of the fears I had in the four years of my
time in university.

The second door is a big and mighty old wooden door. Black metal lashes cover
it. It's old and worn yet it stands strong. It covers all the sad and painful
experiences that coloured my time in school.

The third door is a sliding glass door. It's long and shiny, despite it being
made of glass it's not transparent. It stands between me and all the anger and
fury, the desperation and frustration that wore me down.

The last and final door is the simplest. It's a sliding door, too, but it's not
big nor cold nor mighty. It's a japanese sliding door, there is a piece of
cloth held in a wooden frame; a black ink tree is painted on the white fabric.
Behind it I will find the happy memories given by the moments filled with
friendship and love.

I haven't done any of the things I should have. Yesterday I fell asleep and
woke up at the precise time to be ready for Catherine's arrival.

I showered and shaved my legs. Today I would not shave my face, but I did use
the electric razor. The dress was ready in my closet. My legs' skin was going
to be bare, ready to be grazed by her fingers. I put my pajamas back on after
exiting the water-vapor-filled shower space. My knee from yesterday's fall
still hurt. I skipped that area with the razor yet it still burned. Its sting
woke me up several times in the night.

_Bienvenidas_, the waiter had said to us. He said it two times before I spoke.
We were exiting the japanese restaurant when I tried to playfully kick her
raising my leg behind me. My foot got stuck on its way back in one of the loose
straps of her backpack. I stumbled and fell pulling her down with me. My knee
hit the floor and scratched the concrete breaking my own fall. My foot pulled
her down and brought her down with me. There was a man working in the garden
behind us. I didn't want him to notice and turn. He did. There was another man
with a smile missing a couple of teeth laughing at us. I felt ashamed and in
pain and guilty. We still laughed. I didn't care about my bruised knee.

I wore the red tights I bought with Catherine to wear to the movies. Over them
I put the gray dress I bought with her. I put on make up and waited for her to
arrive. I wanted to surprise her. I took a couple of pictures, but hesitated to
send them. I did. She did not see them until later in the day.

We had sex. We touched each other over our clothes. Then we took them off and
touched each other some more. I played with her skin, her lips, the water from
between her legs. I pushed my fingers inside her and made her lose her breath.
She undressed me and teased me. She likes making me beg her to take me.

We had the last three classes of this semester, of university, of our careers.
Since I was a little boy, I knew I'd go to elementary school, the I'd graduate
and go to middle school. After that, almost being an adult, I'd go to high
school; that place where I could get a job and have a girlfriend and maybe even
have sex. I wouldn't have to wear a uniform anymore, maybe I could even drive
to school. Afterwards, I'd finally go to college. I'd study something useful,
be a professional, have a degree. Finally, after that, my life would start. I'd
be an adult; I'd be a grown man.

The classes have ended. Catherine passed to help Katia and talked about herself
without any intention. She talked about her dad and cried. Katia would cry,
too, and open herself to us.

I waited a whole semester for this day. I cried like I haven't in a while.
Zayra stood behind me and grasped my shoulder. I took a picture with her.
Catherine took it. She hugged me and I hugged her back and smiled. Four
semesters I was her student.

Catherine and I drank, we took a lot of pictures. We spent four years together.
I finished elementary school, I went trough middle school when I started to
walk alone, when I discovered what sadness feels like, when I'd be home alone
and deal with the temptation of sneaking to my parents closet and dress myself
in forbidden clothes, tempting myself with a cursed fantasy. I graduated lonely
before I met what I thought were friends in high school. I went through real
sadness and inner death. I met Monica and had my first kiss. I had my car and
learned how to drive it, how to be alone and independent. I graduated and
kissed Monica while the fireworks illuminated the dark blue sky. I entered
university. I started without knowing anybody. Monica went to see me on the end
of my first day of classes. I'd meet real friend. I'd feel real loneliness. I'd
go to the sierra and camp under star-filled night. I lost Monica and I lost
myself. I made my dream come true. I was trully alone in a whole different
country where no one knew my full name. I discovered myself with my best
friend, we went from being friends, to lovers, to strangers, and then all the
way back. I finished all of my classes. I finished all of school. I am an adult
now, but I'm not a grown man.

I have grown, but I'm not a man.

And finally, I am ok with that.

### Saturday, December 5th, 2015 I am in Mexicali, at my uncle and aunt's
house. I read the journal article for the essay for Vinicio. I brought my
laptop with me. I read the one I had downloaded before for Zayra. It's a case
study of dealing with grief with the Solution Centered Brief Therapy. I had
picked the other one I read when he sent us the different articles. The first
and only one I opened was a neuropsychological study about the difference in
dealing with emotions between heterosexual people compared with a transsexual
sample.

It was a simple and not very representative study. It was poor. I could do
something better. I wanted to do something better. I could criticize it easily
in five pages.

I am part of that sample. Maybe that's the reason why I hesitated to pick it;
maybe that's why I chose the other one, even though it was longer. I don't want
to write about something so personal. Perhaps I couldn't work on something that
personal.

Yesterday, midnight caught up with me. It interrupted me and blocked my
writing. I continued it on the first minutes of the day.

I shared that part with Catherine.

"It feels weird: _friend to lover to stranger_, I'd never put words to that
feeling. I told her how I still feel really guilty about what happened.

"You did the best you could, Sofi."

I dreamed something today, but I can't remember. I recall buying food. There
was a school and people speaking English. I was with Catherine; I accompanied
her and waited for her in the car. Later, when she returned, we were in
a school. Why wasn't she Catherine anymore? I was following somebody else.
Monica appeared and I looked for her.

Why does she keep appearing? Why can't I let her go?

Just a couple of assignments and a test and I'm done. I payed for everything
already. I just have to ask my father for the money to buy the last missing
ticket to disneyland.

Yesterday I drank with Catherine. Two thirds of a liter and a third of one of
beer. It hit me worse than other times. I was dizzy; I felt relaxed,
unhinibited, and sensitive. I could have sent the message to Paola.

Why do I want to tell her first? Why do I want to tell them now? I won't see
them much in the near future.

Why do I want to share it? Is it compensation for not daring to open up to my
dad?

I have him in this room. We are almost all of us here in my uncle's TV room.
It's a habit in my family to have the TV on and no one to be watching it.

I sometimes feel like the TV in my own family.

He is the furthest one away from me. My mother, next to me, is the one closest
to me in every way. She knows, but to what extent?

"Has she said something else since then?" René asked me once.

No, nothing. Did she get it? Were her multiple _son_ a direct consequence of
what I said?

Has she said anything to my dad? He didn't react in any way when Luis told him
my shoes were woman's.

### Sunday, December 6th, 2015 "His mother died. He lives with his older
brother who has a problem with his sexuality. He let his hair grew and is now
called _Betty_ in his house."

"Oh..."

"Yeah, and some other things that _perverse_."

I was sitting by her side. I was lying in that couch with everyone else in the
room. They were chatting about something so unimportant that I wasn't
listening.

Why did I give any attention to what she said next? I was just next to her. She
was giving me her back when she stabbed mine.

I cried my eyes out the day before. I was sensitive with my soul peeled and
vulnerable. It should have killed me. I was supposed to be devastated. I didn't
feel anything. I was numb. Anger and sadness made an appearance in my mind, but
I didn't feel either of them.

I thought a thousand things, but felt nothing.

A whole day has passed and I still don't know what is it that I'm feeling.

I had just finished yesterday's words. I had my laptop closed over my lap when
I broke.

It's the first time I brought my laptop with me and actually used it.
I finished the words in their house. I finished the first part of the
introduction on the way there and the second on our way back. I finished all of
the writing of that chapter this morning. I gave my essay to my mother to read.
She complimented it. Why would I do something like that? Why do I keep showing
myself?

How can I think about showing me to my dad after hearing those comments from
the only person in my family who knows?

René asked me if going to Spain was some kind of escape. No, I denied it
without any assumption. He just nodded his head as if I had read his thoughts.
He told me now how I should look for options, things I can do, goals I can
reach. The United States is an option; he gave me Canada as another one. Mexico
city is the nearest and most feasible of them all. That is not an escape,
I want to come back, I want them to know me.

Why does the word exile keeps coming to my head?

We went to a chinese restaurant with my grandmother. I remember Catherine's
words about taking the cellphone out on the table. Luis was in his and his ears
were covered with his earphones. My ipod was still in my pocket with my earbuds
hanging from my jeans. I wasn't hiding behind nothing and yet I wasn't there.
I was a shadow; a mindless, void body. My grandma kept making comments and
I had to resurface to hear them and answer her.

The house of my uncles will be no more. They're selling it. They're making it
better with the intention of raising its price and sell it. What memories do
I have there? Christmases; most of them had been there. The others were in my
grandmother's. Most of my memories surround Christmas. The sensation of wanting
the time to run faster. The wish for midnight to fall and open the presents. It
was always about the presents. Seeing what's the next new thing. What new
material want could fulfill my need of what I didn't had. The search of a new
thing that could bring me happiness.

My mother made the observation; I didn't enjoy any of those.

I have those memories and I recall them fondly. The christmas tree, the lights,
the rush. In Spain I missed that TV and that couch. Now it's that same couch
that brings me back-pain.

Will I miss that house, the pool, or maybe the billiards table? Are those
material things different from all the other ones?

When, at what age, did I finally come to the conclusion that I couldn't find in
those presents what I needed?

What do I need?

I want to feel freedom, I want to be happy. I want to open up and be seen.
I want to be able to change my body. I want my body; I want my face. I want
everyone to see me how I am.

What do I need to get that? A doctor? Laser hair removal? Hormones? A new birth
certificate? A scholarship for the master? A job?

A future?

I want a future and at the same time I want the present to freeze and let me
breathe.

### Monday, December 7th, 2015 Today I'll cheat. Tomorrow, too, probably.
I haven't finished.

### Tuesday, December 8th, 2015 I cheated again. I had to. I really did.

"I was upset because you told me you'd stop going to therapy. You'd get a job.
Thatt's the first step for you to leave. I'll be alone."

Now I am finished. This was my last exam. My last time going to the school as
a student.

Tomorrow I'll turn in the last paper and I'll be done. It won't be in the
school. It'll be the last time I'll go to the hospital. The last time I'll
enter and be greeted by the guard. Why did it crossed my mind just now to paint
my face, color my eyes and lips, see if that's enough for him to notice.

Why would I want to do that?

Yesterday I finished and sent the last paper of Thanatology. I had to write
a last thought. A message of a final learning of the class. I used it to talk
about death and the beauty of life. I finished and I had still much more to
say.

Zayra took a picture with me. She said good bye; she told us how it was
a pleasure to have worked with us. It was for me; it really was. I think she
ended up being my favourite teacher and I wanted to tell her. So I made
a second last message. There, inside my paper I wrote a thank you note. I wrote
her how she taught me about history in my first semester. She taught the class
that would end up being my focus, she guided me and trained me in the art of
psychotherapy. She helped me when my patient abandoned me. And now, this
semester, she taught me a class about death and closure. It was so fitting that
it couldn't be left unsaid.

I thanked her for seeing me, for noting me. I thanked her for having helped me
with my tears, for the pat on the shoulder when I broke down again in the last
workshop. I was thankful and emotional. I sent her the last homework and a hug,
too.

"Your work is received, and so is your hug. I send one back".

All of yesterday was doing homework. Saturday I went to Mexicali and started
with the chapter I had left undone for most of the semester. Sunday I came back
and wrote and elaborated what I felt with my mother's words. I saw the picture
online of Eusebio and Jessica with Paolas. I felt betrayed and lonely. I am
ending up alone again. It's a thought that's been sneaking up to me.

I did the statistical analysis, I wrote the results and discussion. I made
almost all of the work. It was a lot, but I didn't mind.

Today I had the test of reasearch methods. It wasn't as easy as it should be;
it wasn't hard either. It was badly made. I knew the correct answer, but didn't
knew what they wanted me to give. I was frustrated and annoyed. It was supposed
to be our last test, our last final exam. It wasn't, it ended up being
something else. The experience was different.

I put on the pants she gave me and the hoodie we bought of our generation. Like
the pictures in that exam, we used them and received compliments. People didn't
know the meaning behind them, they saw the image and the letters but it was
void of significance to them. It was like the name in the back of mine that
I had forgotten was there.

I cried, I cried hard letting a lot of emotion out. I am frustrated and scared.
I don't know what will happen with me. Will I work, will I apply for a master?
How can I fight for what I am if I have to convince people I am real?

What if I fail? What if I can't go to the master? What if I can't go to Mexico
City? What if I can't be me?

I am scared of applying for a job. I am scared of being denied. I am scared of
being conditioned to cut my hair and having to be Iván in order to do a job
I'll despise and gain a misery of a salary. I am scared of living the rest of
my life that way.

I am scared of ending my life.

Where did that come from?

Was it really a joke when I sang to her? Why did my eyes watered as I finished?

"I don't want to die..."

I don't. I am scared, I need help again. I already have it.

I did take my life pills. I didn't forget. I can start taking two again. I can
tell my father to give me more money to buy them.

I can tell him the reason I take them, instead.

### Wednesday, December 9th, 2015 I wrote yesterday. I wrote, didn't I?

Did I talk about how we went outside the main building and I cried and hugged
her and cried like how I was never used to. I went to sleep—no, I lied in bed
waiting for her to finish our last paper. Finishing the plan of activities, the
material, the instructions. She designed them and made them. I helped with
ideas and wrote the first texts, but she did everything else. I, instead, was
lying on the bed searching about Mexico's city's apartments. The colonies, the
rent process. How could I look? How could I pay? I found about one of the
procedures, the _aval_; getting a person who trusts me their house scriptures
as a backup payment. Where would I get something like that? Whom could I ask?
I have no family there nor friends.

I felt that familiar dreary sense. Misery, my old companion; how did I miss
you. I almost forgot the warmth of your surrounding. It burned me and
asphyxiated me. I cried again. Hopelessness, failure, loss. I felt it all over
again. I'll fail; I'll never make it.

_It's better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all._

Bullshit.

_Nessun maggior dolore. Che ricordarsi del tempo felice. Nella miseria._

The pain is way worse after knowing the pleasant bliss of happiness.

Luis asked me again what are the symptoms of depression. I answered this time.

"Why do you ask?"

"Just 'cuz. Which of those do you have?"

Could I open up to him? Why am I so scared? What is it that I specifically
fear?

Why haven't I looked for a time to talk with my dad?

None of them saw me with the leggings. Again it was just my mother. She was
working and caressed me with her notice. I waltzed into my room and closed the
door. Just as I put them on I took them off, one by one, converting myself to
my usual costume. I haven't taken my make up off. Nobody notices. There is no
difference. I went to the hospital like this the last time. I wanted to be
different; I wanted the guard to hesitate, to say something, see something. He
wasn't there, there was another one. I stood with Catherine waiting for the
teacher.

Both of us drank a cup of water. Children came to ask me where were the
papercups. I answered and smiled. They saw me. No, they just looked at me. What
did they see?

The parents sometimes sent their eyes my way. Was it doubt in their sights or
was it repulsion?

The teacher stepped out of her consultation room and received our paper. We
went to the burger joint we used to frequent. I drank; half a liter of beer.
They didn't have iced tea nor dark beer. I ordered the usual burger and she had
a chicken sandwich. When we enter, the waiter received us with the usual
_bienvenidos_. Was it pain or disillusionment? Did the second one hurt more or
less?

Maybe I'll miss those masculine terms when the time comes that I receive hate
instead.

She drove us to the beach after that. Argana coffee shop. A hookah and two chai
frappes. I was upset because she told me she'd go to the bathroom, but didn't
leave. Why did I want her to go? I'd miss her; I'd be alone. What was the
difference between her leaving then or a couple of minutes after?

We took pictures. We took some the last day of classes, then yesterday one the
last exam, and now, today, the day we gave our last homework.

It'll not be until March that we'll be officially graduates. Do I want it? It
never excited me to be a psychologist. Why would I care now?

The only thing that I want to be is me.

I thought about writing _Iván_.

What if I can't change my name in the birth certificate? What if they only let
me change it to its feminine counterpart. What if I'm constrained to be
a feminine version of the person I used to be. A depressed and miserable woman.
_Ivána_. _Josephine Ivonne_. I'd never really liked José.

I keep thinking about asking Cabrales about his work in the trans clinic. Did
it ever open? What happened to it?

Could he attend someone like that?

Could he attend me?

I haven't asked René.

Of what am I so scared about asking him? Is it his potential denial? Am
I scared that I won't keep going with him if he can't help me?

What if nobody can?

### Thursday, December 10th, 2015 "I realized then I wanted to evaluate; apply
and grade psychometric tests. I wanted to diagnose and see what was the
problem. Fixing it would be someone else's job. I wanted to know what was wrong
with me. Now that I know, I want to help people because I need help myself."

"You could make the clinic yourself."

"I could be the expert."

I sang to Catherine. She sang to me today. Miguel was already in the house. He
was asleep, but I hesitated to play the audio in my phone. I told her he was
around and she answered that then it should wait. I was lying in my bed when
I played it.

"You are asleep and I can feel you breathing," the song from Hombres G,
"whenever I sing it, I think about you."

I decided to sang to her, too. I looked for the lyrics of that spanish song and
whispered it to my phone. I memorized the first verses.

I couldn't wake up this morning. I was so tired; I still am. I showered and got
ready. I had more time than I thought. I didn't shave nor put on make up. I had
to put gas in the car and then drove to the usual plaza to park. I paid the
5 pesos instead of the 24 I did the first sessions. Now I walk a kilometer
maybe, going there and back. I use the time to focus, to think and let myself
feel. I like my sessions now. I like crying with him. I like talking and taking
my shell off, my disguise, saying my name a loud without worrying about people
listening or being judged. I like feeling vulnerable and knowing nothing will
happen.

I like being seen and listened to.

I don't think about wearing the clothes anymore. I remember months back when
going with the bra was something to be nervous about. _What if somebody
notices?,_ _what if he felt it?_ or _what if she hugs me?_ Now it's weird not
having it on. It's mine, they're mine. They don't turn me on. They don't make
me feel sexy nor girly. Why do I wear them? I don't need them.

This week we will go to the United States and buy clothes for the wedding.
I knew that. My father asked me if I had a suit already. I do; I have the
clothes. I've worn them twice. They're almost new. I don't want to buy another
one. I don't need new clothes. No, I do. I need new clothes, but not bought by
them. I want new clothes, but not like the ones I already own. I want them, but
I don't want to be mocked when I choose them. I don't want to be seen weirdly
when I pay for them or being judged when I try them on.

I liked when the old man at the family reunion said he thought I was a woman.
I liked that it happened and that I knew. It won't happen if I wear a suit.
I'll be seen as a man, the man I should be.

"I'm all finished", I said when I started the session.

Except I'm not. I still have to do the paperwork. I have to get the title.
_Psychologist_, it feels wrong. They don't give a title of sickness.

Tomorrow I'll take Miguel to school and then drive to Catherine's house. We'll
play monopoly or watch something. I want to lie with her on the couch and have
her arms around me. Tomorrow it will rain. I didn't remember, but she has our
hookah. She has the coffee liquor. I can ask her if there's still some.

René went to France; he knew people like me. He talked about them. That's
something he didn't use to do. Three of them. The first of them was a model.
They changed. They finished psychology and changed. At first I thought how
I didn't want to do that. I just did. In a couple of months I'll have the
papers.

I can sent Cabrales a message; ask him about him seeing trans people.

I could have asked René if he could help me. Why haven't I?

_I want hormones. Could you help me? You are a doctor, could you assesorate me?
Do I need a endocrinologist, a gynecologist? Should I tell my family doctor? Do
you know of somebody who could help me? I don't want to wait until I'm all
alone to start_

### Friday, December 11th, 2015 40 days since Halloween. If back then it had
been 56 days, today, 96 days have passed since Eusebio and Jessica's
graduation. Almost 100 days of being medicated.

I didn't took a pill today. Do I feel any different? Why am I curious about
that sadness? Is it the same curiousity I feel about telling my parents? Why am
I tempted by misery?

I keep flirting with my past. I don't want it.

Yesterday I finished updating my resume. It looks presentable; complete. I saw
the one of Juan Carlos Perez. He reviewed Ahmed's PhD thesis. I saw his full
curriculum. He studied the first couple of semesters in a technological school.
He was going to be an architect. When he finished school he had a lower grade
than me and he felt proud enough to include that information. He put his
Exhcoba results, too. Will I? Will it help me?

Yesterday I felt OK with mine. I was satisfied with it. It seemed complete. It
was attractive. I could do something with it. People could want me.

People should want me.

That doesn't mean they will.

I did nothing today. I woke up later than I should have. I was supposed to go
to Catherine's house. I didn't know what to wear. I wanted to wear something
feminine. Why, if it's not enough?

"I feel pretty with you." I told her.

"You are."

"That's not true. I still look like a man."

"Not always."

I saw that video of the trans woman Catherine has seen. Catherine's subscribed
to her channel. She did her research. She has looked for information. She now
knows about transition. She wants to know.

Monica never did.

Why do I keep comparing them?

Why do I still sometimes feel this urge to assure myself I do love her?
Catherine's better for me than Monica. I am better now with her than I've
always been. I stopped talking to Monica and then I talked to her again;
I deleted my facebook, I stopped seeing her anywhere. I looked her up and then
I left her be. Why is she still in my mind? I hate her because she left me;
I hate her more because her phantom is still here.

Victoria Volkova. That's the youtuber. She moved to the capital to start her
transition. I saw her video with one of the other vloggers I have seen before.
He seemed a little uncomfortable. The cameraman, too. It was almost
unnoticeable. Almost.

The other video I saw was just her. She talked about the kinds of men she has
been approached by.

The third, and final one, was more intimate. It was just her; it had no jokes.
It had a cathartic feeling to it. It was an explosion of emotions. She made
that video more for herself than for any viewer it might have.

She hated herself. She was happier when she started transitioning. Everything
was better. She started doubting—not about herself or her decision; she started
not being satisfied. Her hands, her shoulders, her voice; she was not woman
enough. Her eyes started watering when she touched the subject.

"I was supposed to be happier, and then I hated myself again," the tears rolled
down her cheeks.

What was the moment when I cried?

I should have talked about her with René. I should have mentioned a lot of
things I did not.

Luis surprised me when he entered my room. He felt sick. He had said it
yesterday that he was nauseous. My plans were ruined. I couldn't leave the
house now that he was there. It didn't matter. I could see Catherine any other
day. I could sleep some more. I did. Miguel made him some breakfast and got
ready to leave.

I drove him to Costco to pick the pictures. There was a lot of traffic and my
car was stubborn. I was irritated. There was something in my mind, but I can't
remember what. Costco was full of people. The cars were giving rounds looking
for empty spots. There were not any. He stepped down and I tried to remain
close to the exit. I stopped behind some cars. There were nobody near them. If
some of them would exit I could move.

The guard saw me several times, but did not say nor do anything. Until he did.
I moved all the way back and waited. Miguel texted me to tell me there would be
a delay. He was the one who'd be late to class, not me. I had no reason to
care.

Nevermind, he had them. I picked him up and drove him to school. The rain was
there but at the same time wasn't. It was a peculiar illusion, being cold and
hot at the same time. Seeing the sky gray and the next moment having the
scorching sun on my face. Like a badly remembered dream.

I was just back in the house when he texted me if I could pick him up. Sure,
why not. Why can't I say no? Why would I, though? I had nothing better to do.
I am scared of the emptiness of my time and yet I wanted to be left alone on my
bed.

Another hour before I left the house and got back.

What did I eat today? I can't remember. Miguel prepared breakfast. I took the
last croissant. A glass of lemon juice; two or three. There is one right in
front me. What else? Yesterday was when I took two pieces of chocolate. The hot
dog was yesterday, too... I made sausages, chorizo, tomatoes; two
burritos—four; two for Luis and two for me. I made him food.

I am his big brother. Except I am not anymore. We are _siblings_. He is my
brother. I am the phantom of his brother. I will be a secret, a spot in his
family.

I don't know what I will be.

### Saturday, December 12th, 2015 I dreamed something different. Was there
a shower here, too? I can't remember it. I know I went with Jessica—my Jessica,
the one from my childhood. I haven't thought how she would react to this. Would
she be one of the people who wouldn't recognize me?

She knows someone like me, Andrés. How has he dealt with this? Maybe he doesn't
even have this. I am almost 23 years old. He recently or shortly will be 23,
too. I can't imagine waiting anymore. I can't put myself in his place. With his
short hair and boyish outlook. Was he in my dream, too? He knew even before
I did. He fits the narrative so much perfectly than I; playing with girls'
toys, having mostly feminine friends, something about his manners and behavior.
I keep using male pronouns. Would he mind? It's been only around 3 years since
I know and they burn me. The looks sicken me; all of the sirs and young mans.
I can't describe the joy I feel when someone has a mistake. Has he experienced
it? I want to show him, tell him.

In my dream we needed to do something for something else. Was it a party? Was
the thing a dance? We were going to a dojo; the same one I went as a child.
I had maybe half the age Luis has right now. Edgar wasn't my uncle, but my big
brother. I had a big brother. I wasn't an only child; I grew with him. Having
two male role models wasn't enough. I can't blame my uprising.

In my dream, I didn't want to be there. I wanted something else. Why didn't
I just said no? What kept me there? Night came and went. The person in charge
of the place told us he could give us lessons in the weekend when the adults
took them. Norma, Jessica's mother, explained to him that wasn't what we were
looking for. He told us his hands were tied; there was nothing he could do. We
left and I was relieved.

When I looked at the time, I remembered these words. The streak wasn't 41. It
was longer. I remembered that by the 26th I'd beat the last one. It was closer
than that. Was it 50? Does that mean it was just a week before Christmas? Maybe
that was the other thing.

I woke up early. Then a second time when my father came to my room to ask me if
I'd go. I did.

We went to the other side of the border. Since yesterday I wanted a burger, but
thought about skipping the fries. Perhaps a side salad instead. I thought about
it; I liked the idea. Do I feel fat again? Am I uncomfortable with my body?

Yesterday I forgot my pill and stood with the abstinence side effects. I had
tremblings in my leg and felt the beginnings of the darkness.

We went to the US and bought food and then clothes. Everybody would buy
something. All of us needed something. My mother needed a dress, my father
a shirt. Luis, as well. Neither I nor Miguel needed one. He did buy something
and so did I, but both of us for different reasons. I didn't want to, but I had
to. His wasn't a need, but a want.

It hurt. Sometimes, walking in the store I'd wander and look at the clothes.
I'd like something, be tempted by it.

I didn't feel it in any of the stores we went to.

I did buy a shirt. I actually tried two of them. It was weird looking at myself
in the mirror.

In the other store, I wasn't interested in anything on that floor. When my
mother got lost, I offered myself to look for her. Luis wanted to come with me
so I didn't wander around looking at the clothes. No, that wasn't the reason.
When we were at Ross, I was with my mom when she picked her dress. There were
complete rows of nothing but women's clothes. In the other stores, too. There
were in all the stores I was in. Every single one of them. Why didn't I look?
Was I scared of someone suspecting something?

I wore the rainbow bracelet again. Nobody has made a comment.

I put the red strap in my watch, it looks more feminine than I thought. We went
to _Las Alitas_. I ate with my family. I drank. I feel the effect of the
alcohol. I want to talk, to tell them.

I saw a job offering from a university asking for a psychology major. I didn't
send my cv. A thousands reasons came to mind not to. I thought about my age,
the experience, the time... Which one was the real one? Am I afraid of being
denied? Am I scared that they'll actually call me? Do I fear that they'll hire
me and ask me to cut my hair?

What is it? What the fuck is it?

### Sunday, December 13th, 2015 From all the schools I've attended, I keep
dreaming about elementary school. What is it that makes that building special?
I was there for 5 years.

The sun was dangerous. The heat was intense. I remember being in a cafeteria.
We were going to meet. Eusebio, Jessica; Paola? Catherine, obviously. Why
weren't they there?

I was alone. I was waiting.

Suddenly, there was just Jessica.

"And the rest?" I asked her.

She couldn't give me an answer. She was with somebody else. I kept waiting.
I can't remember what happened next.

I was walking in the school. I didn't belong there. There were familiar faces,
but not really. The sun was hot, but not alarmingly so. Nobody seemed to
notice. I tried asking to be let in, but they refused It wasn't that I didn't
belong in the building; I didn't belong in their time. It was the future.

I tried asking the teacher to be let in. She hesitated. I begged.

"Look, let me show you something," I pleaded.

I grabbed a spoon and placed it outside the shadow that guarded me. It was
shrinking with each passing moment.

"Wait, please. In a moment, after you see what I want to show you, you can let
me out if you want, but just wait a little."

A cloud birthed a shadow on the hall. I reached out to grab the disintegrating
piece of metal.

"Do you see now?"

I ran through the rest of the hall and met some other familiar faces. They were
wearing glasses. Even in the alarming state I was in I thought they looked
pathetic. I swallowed my laughter and got inside.

There was a little girl crying. Someone had cut her hair. I hugged her. I felt
as if I knew her.

The same girl was then older and sitting in a chair in the back of the room.
I went to her and she recognized me—No, I didn't went to her, I went to myself.

I was sitting with all them except I wasn't. I was dead. That version of me was
dead.

Was it a part of my body? Was it a corpse? A kind of memory? What was it?

I asked for an explanation. It was the future. We died together. Catherine and
I were a couple. There were problems with money. Apparently she payed for us.
We drowned in a frozen lake or something.

How did I get there?

How did it feel knowing there was a time when I didn't exist anymore?

I dreamed more things, but don't remember any.

I stayed in bed for a while.

I got up, had some breakfast, and came back.

I should have sent the mail. I should be looking for a job. I am scared.

I didn't sent the curriculum. I didn't talk with my mom nor my dad; I didn't
ask Cabrales nor René.

I haven't done anything. There is less than a month left before I turn 23.
I haven't worked a single day of my life.

I did. I got a paycheck once.

I feel again that I'm wasting time. It keeps running and running, escaping from
me.

I should take two pills. One isn't enough.

I should breathe.

I told myself I wouldn't look for a job until January. Then I would know what
to do. Then I'd have all the time in the world.

What will happen with René or Cabrales?

I can reach out to Cabrales any time I want. I don't know if I'll get an answer
or what exactly is it what I want to ask them.

With René, I am scared he can't do anything for me.

I feel lonelier than ever. I need a distraction, a job. I could work for free
somewhere and gain some experience. I could volunteer. But where? Doing what?

I could write.

Who would want to read me? Who would pay me to hear what I have to say?

In less than two weeks, it will be Christmas. Three weeks before the New Year.
2015 is going to end soon.

What year will I be born?

I got used to the idea of being born in 1993. I never dared to think much about
the one on which I'd die.

Will my second birth will mean my first death?

### Monday, December 14th, 2015 "You have something better: a girlfriend."

Did I dream anything today?

I remember opening my eyes and it being earlier than I thought. I stayed awake.
I reached for my phone and played on it for a while.

Why did I want to be awake that early in the morning? I couldn't sleep. The
clock marked 3h while I kept tossing and turning.

I didn't forget to take my pill today. I showered and shaved.

Is there a difference in me?

I put on the thermal pants that my mother had gave me before I left for Spain.
I'm wearing them under a pair of pajama pants.

When I was in the couch playing with Luis, I took the second set of pants off.

"Are you wearing tights?" He asked after catching a glimpse of my legs under
the blanket.

I answered him with the truth before thinking I could have used to opportunity
to tell him about me. I thought back to a similar missed chance when I wore the
Hermione costume. I put the pants back on again after he went to bed.

I played videogames almost all day. When I wasn't lying on the couch I was
sitting on the table. I just ate and played.

At least I did take a shower today.

Tomorrow won't be the day that my cousin comes. He'll be here on Wednesday.

Why am I worried? He won't pick up anything strange about me. My father has
lived all my life with me and has no idea.

I can't know that. He might have an idea. He hasn't said anything.

I had a headache almost all day.

I saw another job offering and I ignored it.

No, I just let it pass.

What was it this time? It didn't have a bad time schedule. It didn't show any
requirements that I didn't have.

Yesterday, while I was in bed, I saw all of my grades. Four complete hundreds
and a ninety-one. I took my list of classes with their respective grades and
calculated my own GPA. I don't remember exactly what was it that I was looking
for. The calculation threw a 94. I would be second place. Hilda would be above
me. She'll be first of the class. She'll get a job and be successful and happy.

I'll graduate with a 98. 98 out of 100. I spent all day knowing this fact and
I still can't totally believe it. I expect somebody to come and correct me. Why
can't I just accept it? Is it just another advantage that won't mean anything
at all? Is it another thing that'll be ignored when I apply for jobs?

I have clinical experience and some research experience. I studied a semester
abroad in Spain. I will graduate with an impressive GPA. Why do I still think
nobody will call me back?

Why would nobody accept me?

Because I'll look like a man. I will be a man and look differently.

"Vania has a driver's licence now. I don't know how to feel," Catherine
confessed to me right before her session with Liliana.

"If you don't have it, it's only because you don't want to," I cut her off
mid-thought.

Why do I get irritated with these things?

I thought about it later at night while we were talking. I see myself in her.
I have doubts and fears. I want to advance, but I don't dare to take a step.
I am paralized with terror. She is scared and stuck and I want her to advance,
to do something, so it will mean that I can, too.

I didn't tell my mom about me until after she told hers. Why did I wait? Will
I wait for her tell her father, too, before I can tell mine?

I didn't dream it; I thought about it. I considered it.

I haven't checked the car. We didn't drive it. _Dad, can we check the jetta?_
I could ask him. He'll say yes and get his coat. I'll go grab the keys and
courage. I'll sit in the driver's seat and take off. We'll drive in the
neighborhood, it will be dark already. He'll ask me to take a turn and go back
home. Maybe the car will run fine, maybe it won't. It won't matter, I'll pull
over. _I need to tell you something, Dad_

I'll start. I'll say it. Soon.

I hope.

### Tuesday, December 15th, 2015 "I can't take this anymore. I don't want this.
I'm sick of it. It's been enough. I'm fucking tired of being in your place,
dressing like you; being seen by everyone like I were you."

Her reflection was lying in front of her. Her screams like a waterfall rained
on his face. She started punching him, again and again. From the hits of voice
and fists, he reached out and hugged her. She held on to him and both of them
cried and sobbed together.

I woke up earlier today.

At first, at least. I pulled myself out of the bad dreams. Lucifer, my mom;
again a bathroom and a morning routine, being late; another glimpse of the
symptoms, a symbolic scene, and a chasing nightmare.

I replied to the messages from Anahí.

"It feels weird waking up this early."

"You gotta be kidding me, it's 9 o'clock in the morning, Sofía."

She uses my name and I feel warm inside. It feels corny, and a little pathetic,
and I hate myself for it, but I like it.

Why does it bother me still? Why do I feel it fake? Am I so accustomed to
misery that anything else feels unearned?

Tomorrow Teo will come. He will bring his girlfriend with him. They'll both
stay in my bedroom.

I had to wake up early so my dad can come with me to the mechanic and give me
a ride back home in his car. Later, Catherine will come for me and take us to
the beach. We can do something there. By the night or evening that I return,
they will already be here.

I didn't know what to wear. I wanted to wear something feminine. Not the dress
or the skirt but almost. I wanted to feel the nervousness of the possibility of
being noticed. I wanted to be confusing. Unrecognizable.

I don't care anymore. I do, I just care less than ever.

I woke up with two words stuck in my throat: _I'm trans_.

I wanted to spit them out, scream them, throw them to everyone's face. I wanted
to post them on Facebook and Twitter; say them my parents, and brothers, and
God. I wanted everyone in the world to know, to judge me; to take this burden
away from me and finally be free.

I went back to sleep. I guess that was what I was running away from. There was
no one following me; not lucifer nor a ghost. Not a single person was after me.
I am running from myself.

"People don't know if you are a man or a woman." That was one of Luis' insults
today. The little idiot thought I'd be offended by that; that's exactly what
I yearn.

He hugged me. Has he ever done it before? He made himself a cup of maruchan
soup.

"Is it of shrimp and chilli?"

"No," he answered me. He knows I like that flavor and inferred I would ask him
for a taste.

Whatever, sure. I kept playing my game.

When I got up looking for something to eat, I saw the wrapping of the paper
cup. He had lied to me. I called him out.

"No, sorry," he exclaimed. "Sorry, sorry".

_It's just soup_ I was meaning to say when I turned my head silently. He
grabbed me with one arm and got close to me.

It was just soup.

He loves me, he misses me, and admires me. I'm his big brother and role model.
What will he think of me when he knows?

What will people say about him when they know? Would he hug me when I finally
tell him?

What will I tell him?

_You were right, I'm an hermaphrodite._

_I like when people don't know my sex; they always get it wrong._

_I did dress up as Hermione in Halloween._

_I dress up as Iván every single other day._

_I am not your brother; I am not a man._

"Iván, can you teach me about it? Like when you explained to me about that
women with a Y chromosome and how some people can have XXX and more?"

Everything would be easier if they hated me. If they didn't care. If they'd be
angry and upset, I could do it for myself and fight for what I want. Why does
it hurt me, their love and acceptance?

Why was it easier to deal with that comment my mom made? That was known
territory.

I was alone with my dad in the car, but I kept my mouth shut. I didn't say
anything.

### Wednesday, December 16th, 2015 _There is something that I want to tell you:
I am trans. I don't have to, I just want to say it. Sharing it is not something
that I like. None of the times I've done, I've liked it. I can think of
a thousands reasons, but mainly it's because I feel as if it were a confession.
Yes, it was a secret, but it's not a crime or a sin. Definitively it's not
a sickness or a perversion. Just recently I realized it's not even a problem.
This is why I wanted to tell you in the most casual way. I am transgender.

Not a lot of people know what it is. Even fewer really understand it. Maybe
this is why it's not something that's really accepted. If you want to know
about it or you already do, but still want to understand me more, you can start
by reading this link. If you have a comment or a more personal question, you're
welcome to tell me. If you feel like making a joke to release the tension or
tell me why you don't agree, I don't think this is the best time for that.

I can change the way I look and talk and dress, but I can't never change who
I really am; only hide it. And I got sick of masks. I can't change either how
you see me. I can only ask you how to refer to me and treat me and, with time,
hope you see me as I feel.

To some, it has been hard or way too much. If that's your case, too, even
though it'll hurt, I'll understand. Just like them, you're welcome to look for
me whenever you are ready. If you want to try and keep contact, you can add me
on this new profile.

Whether you read everything or just the first sentence, thank you for seeing
me. Whether we've shared just a couple of words over the internet or a whole
life-time of memories, thank you for being there. I know there lies a long
a hard path ahead of me, but you can't even imagine the relief that is to
realize that I don't have to travel it alone.

Before Iván until finally me.

Sofía._

I was woken up by my father at 6h. I don't remember a better night of sleep
than today's. I got up anyway and put on pants. I waited with Luis and my dad
until the time to leave.

We drove separately to the mechanic. There was not a lost opportunity there.
After leaving the jetta, I had it. We waited, also, before the mechanic
arrived. He talked to me instead of my uncle's house; his plans. Whether
they're the plans of my uncle to sell his house and buy another one, or Edgar's
about buying a terrain and building a home, he always sees the way they won't
be able to succeed. He imagines the ways they'll fail and how they will get
there. He knows and it's convinced by it. He doesn't tell them. No, he shares
it later to somebody else. Will he do that to me with my plans, too. Am
I scared of that?

_He'll never be a woman. He'll fail. He'll never be able to get a job. It
doesn't matter what he takes, his body will reject it. It won't change enough.
There will be problems when he goes to the capital to change his papers. There
will be lots of problems. He, he, he._

I can't tell my father, so I want to tell the world instead.

I can't take this anymore. My mind is screaming at me. I'm hurting myself while
doing nothing to change the condition I'm in.

Catherine came to pick me up and I received her with make up and the woman's
sweater. I found myself pretty. Even after the razor burned me like never
before, I liked myself. I wore a little hat she gave me and felt right,
comfortable. I didn't mind the sights on me. I was myself and that was the only
think that mattered.

I can control it. I realized it when the waitress saw the three of us and
welcomed us as women.

There is just one thing. It's not my appearance or even my beard. It's my
voice.

All of my problems lie in my throat. What I can't say and how I can't speak.

### Thursday, December 17th, 2015 "Iván, is that... are you wearing a bra?
I touched you there and it felt like a brassiere."

I always feared something like this would happen.

"It's not the hell I expected", I said to René. The world didn't end. He
noticed. He noticed yesterday, too, when I arrived with my lips coloured.

He notices me. That has, I guess, its goods and drawbacks.

It happened today. I woke up today and he asked me once again. It was this
morning. That should had been the quote of the day. _What are the symptoms of
depression?_

"I've told you already, why do you want to know?"

"Just 'cuz", he said and I enlisted them again briefly as bulletpoints.

"Which of those have you seen in me?" He continued.

It was unexpected. I was left speechless.

What could I say?

I was full of guilt.

Is it my fault? It comes in the family.

I'm his big sibling, his role model; did he learn it from me?

It was the opening of my session. I was woken up by my father turning on the
lights at 6h. I stayed awake. I had to be ready expecting the call of my
cousin. He wasn't the bigot I was building up in my mind. The rainbow flags
will stay in my room. They are a good memory that shouldn't be hidden.

I spoke about my mother's joke: _Who will try your dress?_ _Well, you..._

He didn't know of those kind of jokes.

Hadn't I talked about the incident where I didn't want to go in the bathroom?

_It won't fall off_, she said then. He remarked that. I didn't see it until
now. The fear of castration; Oedipus complex.

I'm scared of demolishing the idea my brother has of me.

I laugh and I cry in sessions, now. Why do I feel like crying now?

I have changed. I am not the same person I was two years ago. Would I recognize
myself if I saw the picture Catherine has of us in her WhatsApp?

I talked about the hormones, my fear of a no. I opened the pandora box. There
is no way of closing it now. In the bottom of it lies my true happiness
together with all the evils of humanity.

"Do some research and we will see." Was he giving me some hope?

What if I can't? What if I am not capable or worth it or strong enough?

What if I never find the courage to say it or show it? What if just one act or
a single laugh is enough to bring me to tears and destroy me?

What if I actually am the delicate little flower I am scared of being?

The day after Christmas will be our trip to Disneyland. The last time I went,
it was with Monica. This time I'll be with Anahí and Catherine. Luis will be
bigger and closer. What if I ruin it? What if my father realizes it by then and
doesn't speak to me?

I won't be alone. I don't have to be alone.

René had a theory he wanted to propose. He thought of two reasons that could be
behind the comment my mom made that day at my aunt's house.

"Maybe she said that as a way to show you how people will react to those kind
of things, or maybe it was a way for her to test the waters with your aunt."

I didn't buy them, it felt different. I sensed her repulsion in her voice. She
said it as if it were something sick. I've heard that tone before.

I was more comfortable with the idea of feeling feminine.

_I am a woman._

I always repeat how I hate that phrase. Am I jealous? Why does it feel so good
when Catherine says it and so unbelievable when I do?

I'll see René next week.

I can send a question to Cabrales. Maybe he knows of a clinic; maybe he knows
about someone who deals with this.

Maybe I can find the sexologist or go personally to COCUTT and ask directly.

I might send my resume, too, to that job offering.

Why am I still so scared?

I want to advance but I'm petrified.

### Friday, December 18th, 2015 "When you have a girlfriend she will have
a penis... no, she will be a dyke."

I am finally sitting down with my laptop on my legs, exactly in the same spot
where my mother made that comment to my aunt. I'm writing these same words.
Will I write about the same thing? I don't remember what I was writing about
that time.

Yesterday René gave me the green light to go on my research looking for
a doctor. At first, I went back to the information I already had. There was
a study done here in Baja California on which they paid for and supervised the
transition of about 20 people. I didn't remember the dates so I confused it
with the poster of a NGO where they announced they'd do a pilot clinic offering
medical and psychological attention for free to a certain number of people.
Those interested should send a mail to the people in charge with the clinic.
There were the names of two sexologists and a physician. Cabrales was once
again mentioned.

So, by then, I had three names and a discontinued NGO. The page of the NGO had
a telephone number, but I didn't want to call them.

Why?

"I know why you don't want to call, but you are closer." Catherine saw through
me and confronted me. "I feel frustrated".

I kept on with my research. Cabrales was again mentioned as a physician.
I could reach out to him and ask him.

The sexologist was Aracely Cervantes. She's a teacher in the university. No,
I don't know that. She might have just been a student there. I found her
Facebook profile. There I could send her a message asking about her
participation in the program and their results. Were that to be a dead end,
which I'd be expecting, I could then ask her about the reference of some
specialist.

I saw her pictures and felt something that evaded explanation. I didn't like
her.

Why am I so shallow? They're just pictures.

I was thinking about that when Catherine made another comment about the same
thing. I exploded. I said the NGO was certainly discontinued. There wasn't an
address or any recent sign of life. It was a fucking dead end.

I had just found the list about specialists in transgender care everywhere in
Mexico. There was a section specific to Tijuana. In it, there was a laser
clinic, a couple of plastic surgeons, two psychologists, and an
endocrinologist.

Jackpot.

Here it was what I have been looking for. I should have felt proud and thrilled
with excitement. It was finally there.

But I kept searching. I continued looking for anything other than a phone
number.

He's a doctor from the University of Baja California. He's a specialist in
endocrinology and diabetes. He worked briefly in Hospital Angeles and, I think,
now works in Hospital del Prado. He had good reviews praising his great
attention. A woman posted something about the time she was supposed to wait to
see him. It was August and he wasn't available before January.

I could go for him. If he was from UABC, René might know him.

I wanted a doctor. Something I could reach. I didn't want to deal with another
intermediary. If René, my own therapist and a physician himself has no
contacts, what use would it be going to another psychologist. I want somebody
who can help me themselves.

And I found him. René gave me a go. I have his name and phone number. I know
where I could go to see him.

Now it's just about calling. Meeting. Asking.

I blew up with Catherine. I aggresively ended the conversation by telling her
I had the name of an endocrinologist and was going to sleep.

She cried.

I cried, too.

I felt scared. I am afraid. I don't know what lies ahead.

What if I am not ready? What if time goes faster and faster and it catches up
with me, surrounds me, grabs me by the throat, and ends me?

I feel as if I were going so fast that my head is dizzy and disoriented.

Catherine told me she felt I was sending her of, and she felt useless. We had
a problem of miscommunication. I was going faster than how she was processing.
I am going so fast that I almost crashed.

I escaped, but it wasn't from her.

I found what I was looking for and it scared me. I'm still scared.

I want it more than anything and it's closer than I ever thought it would be.

### Saturday, December 19th, 2015 I've send the message. One of many.

It's done. I just clicked send and my curriculum is on its way.

Today is the first day that I apply for a job as a psychologist. I feel scared
and nervous.

I talked to my father about the job offer. He gave me advice for the the
interview.

It's the first, it's just an application; she hasn't even seen it. It doesn't
mean she will respond or that I will even get and interview, much less the job.

I should try to reach out to the endo, too. I want that more. It also scares me
more.

I have to do other things first. I have to tell my dad.

I have to finish these words because I won't be able to later. The wedding will
be in a couple of hours. I won't have time.

Time, everything is about time. The counter up here that marks the days, the
little number that grows and grows. 48 is today. When I finish, it'll mark 49.
56 was my highest streak before. 56 days after I started taking the medication.
48 days now since I've again stopped talking with Monica.

I feel this urge again to reach out. I wasn't the one who ended it. The ball is
on her court. She has to make the decision, not me.

Her wave outside the movies didn't mean anything. Her smile was a traitorous
gesture. A mask hiding a hostile thought.

I have too many other people that I should try to reach out to.

The job application is done. I have to talk to my father, to my brothers.
I have to pick a message for the plaque of thanks that I'll give out the day of
my graduation. I have to make an appointment with the endo. Get my blood drawn
and start taking the medication.

I had a dream this morning. My back is aching and my wrist is killing me.
I told René I never see myself in those dreams. I don't know how do I look,
what I'm wearing; I'm not even sure I know how I feel.

This dream was different. Several things happened. I remember a family. People
saying they didn't like me. I remember names, but can't attach them to faces;
Veronica, Jennifer. A man on top of a building. Going back in time. Again,
a theme was reflection. It was me and a girl—or was I the girl?

I remember being in a bus with Catherine, seeing a little baby with red hair.
I recognized her. She was with her mom. I told Catherine to look at her as
I smiled. I kept my eyes on her. She was somebody, but now I don't know who.

I thought her mother was a man at first. She had longer hair tied in
a ponytail, but I saw her as a man. Then the baby's father came and I realized
my mistake.

A little later, the child's grandmother approached us and went directly to me.

"I saw you, girl, how you were eyeing my son. You were flirting with him and
he's married."

She was mistaken, but I didn't care. She saw me as a girl. Was I wearing
women's clothes? Was I a woman?

I woke up in ache.

I already ate breakfast. I haven't showered or gotten ready.

I feel like I have a lot of things to do. I feel burdened by time, crushed by
it. At the same time, I feel claustrophobic in the emptiness of it.

I've finished school. I have nothing to do. I know not where to go now. I feel
lost. My future is clouded. I can't see ahead.

I should try my contact lenses again.

Why? I like myself more with glasses.

I will wear a suit today. How will I look?

I remember the last time I wore it. It was the first day on antidepressants. It
was more than a hundred days ago. Three months; three months on those pills.

Will I restart the counter when I take those other ones?

Will I try to start them on a special date? Or the day itself that I'll start
will be special by itself?

Will I be as cheesy as to call it my second birthday? I hope not.

I haven't even tried to contact the doctor.

Why am I so scared to be excited? I found an endocrinologist. He was in a list
of people who specifically see people like me.

I still can get disappointed. There might be a waiting list. I might be
rejected. I might never get to that.

### Sunday, 2015-12-20

After writing the words yesterday, I decided to send the mail to the company
near Catherine's house. What could I lose? I am a graduate. I have free time.
I am capable. I first saved it as a draft. Then, a couple of minutes later
I reopened it and hit send. I can't remember if I was already wearing a suit.
Maybe I was. It was minutes before noon. We were almost leaving. I saw the post
in Facebook about the other job offer of the university in the psycho pedagogic
department. I went for my laptop, opened the mail and send it, too. I didn't
know what university it was, but I didn't care.

We left with the car full. Sebastian was with us. We had to pick up my grandma,
buy a nail polish, leave Sebastian with my aunt and go to the party. My father
had forgotten the invitations. But that happened yet. He hadn't realized. We
stopped first in the Calimax near my uncle's house. It was just a couple of
minutes when we were alone in the car and the phone ran. It was a woman from
the university Xochicalco asking about Iván Fernandez. She asked me if I was
him and I lied. She offered and interview Monday at 1pm. I wasn't ready.
I might never be. But I will be there.

The second Curriculum sent and I have an interview. I try to not get very
excited. I know I won't necessarily get it. Miguel got it in Cecut. No, I don't
have to get very excited.

After that was when my father remembered. We came back to the house and my aunt
picked my cousin up. We picked my grandma and left for the hotel.

There were lots of pictures. Of everybody, the bride and groom, the family, the
siblings, the nephews and nieces. I was one of the nephews. I was the older son
of my parents. The one in the suit. I see the pictures with me in an oversized
suit, with my hair all tied up and invisible. I expected to be seen all man.
Why would everybody notice me? Everything mine was masculine.

Today I saw the pictures. It was weird. There is something in my face. I'm not
him. It feels pathetic to type it. I hate saying I am a woman. It's like a half
lie I've yet not convinced myself of. But I did look weird. My face didn't
match. I was cross-dressing. Everyone is accustomed to see me this way. That is
normal for them. For years it was normal to me too.

In the church the ceremony was given by three fathers. The older one asked
about why marrying by the church. "Why not just marry legally? There are some
people who marry in Las Vegas, or others by 'some law'. That is not the plan of
God"

I tried to be the devil's advocate when Luis told me he didn't like religion.
"Why? It's an old book, those were the customs then." I felt a hot rage when
I heard those words. I would not be welcome there. They don't want me. At first
it was just about the homosexual relationship. Me marrying Catherine. Both of
us wearing dresses. Both of us being "women". "We pray to God to make the
government to protect the sanctity of marriage". The pray so I can't be with
her.

It wasn't just that. They wouldn't just despise our relationship. They would
not accept me. I could not be neither a groom nor a bride. I'm nothing. I'm in
the limbo. I don't exist to them. I'm a mistake and God doesn't make them. I am
mistaken.

It was the church. It's religion. That I know. There area laws. There are ways
for us now to be happy. "I don't even want it, anyway."

She imagined herself, maybe, walking through the aisle with her dad on her arm.
Standing there to his partner. Being seen by everyone and their love celebrated
by all their relatives and friends.

We arrived to the salon. Luis was telling me how sick he felt. We had not
eaten. The menu there was a salad with cranberry sauce and meat covered in
cerulean sauce. Neither of us would eat. We both did.

There the couple married too but now by the law. The judge made the same
comments about the purpose of being married. A man and a woman being together
so they can make a family.

I would not be welcome then, either.

I saw the pictures my uncle took with all their friends. I envied them. A part
of me wanted just that. Being there, having that. I just then remembered the
suit. If I'd be in their place I would not have so many friends.

If I'd be in their place I wouldn't want to wear a suit and being called Iván
by everybody. Not just all of my friends would not attend. Part of my family
would not be there, either.

I felt sick and the exact same way I did in the graduation. That envy and
self-loathing. I wanted to escape. The clothes burned me. My neck is still red.

I stood with the men and walked around the groom to receive the band.

Catherine just told me today about her father. They talked about the trans son
of his coworker. "the daughter of the crazy cholo who is kind of weird"
Catherine told him that he is now his son. "Ah, why? Just because she wants
[...] but Therin, what is that? She is a girl, we met her as a girl." "She is
not a girl anymore. He is now a boy" her mother corrected him.

I felt nothing. Nothing at all. I imagined him saying it about me and it didn't
bother me. I want to tell my dad. Yesterday I wanted it so much. Morning came
and it brought me back but not totally. I want to. I am not scared anymore.
I am tired and exhausted. I want to dress and be how I want. I should not care
about other people.

He told me to wear the suit tomorrow for the interview. I won't. I'll wear
pants and a shirt. I'll wear the tie but other blazer. I'll tie my hair.

If I'm accepted I will have proven myself I can get a job easily. If not, I can
focus on being me and know I can fight for myself. I can be how I want to be,
doing what I want to do, and, more than anything. be happy.

### Monday, 2015-12-21

"She called me just now. I have an interview tomorrow at 11 in the morning"

I was just outside the school. I was waiting in the parking lot passing time
chatting with her on the phone. I arrived 5 minutes after I left my own house.
I didn't wear the suit. I put the gray pants and the white shirt I used to wear
with Catherine's uniform. The coat I put on was a casual one. The tie was the
red one. She did send her resume. The lady from human resources called her and
tomorrow will have her interview.

"Do you have a partner?" "Yes" "What's her name?" "She's called Catherine,
Catherine Rodriguez".

I didn't realize it until I was at home. What would she had said if she were in
my place? "Do you have a partner?" "Yes, I have a girlfriend. She's called
Sofía".

She can't say that anymore. She has to lie. No, whatever she says is a lie.
I didn't lie. I do have a girlfriend, her name is Catherine. What am I?

She could discriminate her by her sexual orientation. She would ask her in
a subtle way. "Are you married? Are you in a relationship?"

I had my first job interview as a professional. It went well. I didn't
hesitate, we made rapport, I answered everything and even though I didn't have
enough job experience, I had several with groups and other stuff.

Why do I still feel like a failure?

Even if I pass now, there are a lot of filters still. She would call me
tomorrow or the day after. I have until Christmas evening to receive her call.
Why don't I know what I want? The girl from the other job never returned or
answered my mail. I haven't called the doctor to make an appointment. I haven't
sent the sexologist a mail asking her for information about the study or about
someone who could help me.

I'll be fighting with Catherine for the job. She was upset about that. We have
the same experience. We have the same resume. If she gets the job but not me,
what would that mean?

Would I feel better if it were me who ends up with it?

Tomorrow we will go for the permits for the disneyland trip. I am nervous about
that, too. We have to meet with the lady who has the tickets outside the park.
She will hand them to us there. What if she doesn't go? What if she leaves?
What if something happens?

What if everything goes wrong?

What will I talk about tomorrow?

I didn't do anything. I didn't talk with my dad. I didn't called the doctor.
I didn't send the sexologist a mail. No, I did other things. I went to the
wedding. I wore the suit for a full day. I sent my resume and had a job
interview.

The year is ending.

Time is still going.

I'll be 23 in a couple of weeks.

I have the name of the doctor and his number. My dad is alone upstairs.

"Dad, I am not a man".

"Dad, I am sorry."

"I have to tell you something"

I don't know how. I don't want to. I do know. I do want. What is it then? What
blocks me? What impedes me of going right now and tell him? What forbids me to
grab the phone and call the doctor and ask for information?

Why do I feel more like an impostor? Why am I more upset? I almost forgot to
take my pill again. I remembered after I came back from the university.

Christmas will come soon enough. I wanted to tell him before then. I wanted
them to know, to remember. I wanted to wear whatever I wanted in the park.
I will be with Catherine and Anahí. What if they say something? What if they
misspeak? My brothers doesn't know. I could tell them. Why do I keep thinking
about what else to do instead of doing what I want?

How can I say it? What will he do or say? How will he react? Is that really
what scares me? What is it then?

Why do I flirt with the idea and yet stay in my seat just wondering. Every
passing day that goes I still suffer about what I think and feel and fear.

I told him about going to the capital. I told him about the master. He knows
about that. I told him about the interview.

I tell him about a lot of things but the thing that burns me and burdens me.

"Dad, I am trans. Please look at me"

### Tuesday, 2015-12-22

"Hello, Iván, yes indeed that program ended [...] Happy holidays."

The phone vibrated once halfway into the movie. I had took it out from my
pocket, the back pocket because the pants I was wearing were women's, before
the movie began to take a picture with Luis, then there were no new
notifications. I saw the banner which told me that Aracely had accepted my
request. I guess when I sent her a message Facebook asked her if she wanted to
let me communicate with her. I quickly put it away. I was scared. My body
started trembling. Emotion ran from the floor up to my legs and body. A shiver
shook me as I felt the vibrations again and again.

I took it out again and a glimpse from her text got to my sight. I couldn't
concentrate on the movie. I finally watched it with Luis. We weren't alone. The
whole family saw it. We went first to the consulate to get the permits we'll
need for the disneyland trip. What would I wear? My father woke me up in the
morning. I was going to take a shower but my mother was in the bathroom. Then
Miguel got in. After him they sent Luis, too. I ended up being the last person
to get ready.

What clothes could I wear? I've been wearing all masculine clothes. I'm tired
of them. I wanted something different. I didn't wear a bra. The underwear
I picked is the most neutral I own. The pants I've never worn them. I chose the
long red sweater and over it I put the long coat. The rain fell and wet us all.
The person who would give us the permits interrogated my dad. He asked question
to Miguel, too. What does he study, how far along is he? In my turn, he looked
at me and the questions began. What do I study? What am I doing? I lied. I said
I'm still studying. I said I'm in the last semesters still. I haven't finished
as if I were stuck.

It came natural to me. Even though I did it, my father reinforced it when we
exited. "Don't tell them you've finished. Whenever they ask just say you are in
the last semester".

I am stuck but not in school. I thought I was afraid of graduation, but I'm
restless. I'm anxious for it.

All of us will graduate from school and I'll graduate from him.

I haven't told him, nor him, nor anyone.

"With all of my men" she posted on Facebook. Those kind of posts irritate me.
I am not one of her men. I am not a man. I'm not. I'm tired of being seen as
one.

"She lost a lot of weight, it might be because of her graduation" "Will I lose
weight, too, then?" "You won't wear a dress".

If she only knew.

Will I make it? A whole night in a suit again?

I don't know I could deal with just a couple of hours for an interview.

I saw how Catherine went. I liked her, I wish I could look like that. I wish
everything could be a little easier.

"Two labor days" she told me they would call me in if I passed. Half went by
already. Will anyone call tomorrow? They posted again the job offering in
Facebook, the one for the company. They hadn't contacted either. They might
never do.

I told myself I would start sending in January. I have two more weeks to stop
worrying.

How late was yesterday when he called? I had sent him a text message
questioning the time of our meeting. I was in need of seeing him. I wanted to
talk. The night when I looked for doctors and news. I'm scared. I'm desperate
and frustrated.

I hesitated with the text. I had sent him a message before. No, it was a call.
"Who are you?" he asked me. "I heard a girl's voice". That's what started it.
So I wrote the text. "Hello, René, at what time will we meet tomorrow? Will it
be 11 or 12?"

I moved the cursor to the beginning: "I'm..." I'm who? Who is sending it? I'm
not Iván. Am I Sofía? I am not Sofía in this house. I am Sofía in Catherine's
company, in our dates, in our conversations, in René's office. In this house
I'm still Iván. I will be Iván these vacations, these holidays. I haven't
graduated. I'm not yet a psychologist nor Sofía.

I put it anyway.

He called me back. I missed it and took the phone just a couple minutes later.

I returned the call.

"Hello, what happened?" "Hello, Sofía, it's René Cardenas, I called because
I have to cancel this week's appointment..."

His name shook me. It was supposed to be welcome, validating. Why do I still
feel like an impostor?

Is that the reason why I haven't told nor called?



### Wednesday, 2015-12-23

Today I'll go with Catherine. What was it that happened yesterday to make me
feel sad again? I didn't know what to wear. She asked me what dress or with
what shoes? Do I have black tights? The questions frustrated me. I don't have
many options and yet I drowned in them. No matter what I would pick I'd look
like a freak. It hasn't been more than a month and I already feel imprisoned in
this persona. I can't remember the last time I had put make up on. I didn't
want to put before leaving. My parents would see me. They'd notice. Everyone is
home. Luis, and both of my parents are sitting in the living room. Catherine
will pick me up and I'll pass trough them.

I actually considered wearing these leggings and a t-shirt and a sweater to
Disneyland. I wanted to go comfortable and enjoy myself. Would I wear make up?
I'd be there all day. I wanted to tell him before Christmas. I wanted to be out
and comfortable there.

I hesitated to dress myself today, even in disguise I'm not comfortable. I have
the leggings under my jeans. I'm wearing the white bra under my red t-shirt.

Catherine was supposed to pick me up by 2 o'clock. I have already broken fast.
We would not eat until the evening. We were supposed to go to the hotel, have
sex, undress each other and dress us again in kisses and caresses. I'd be
wearing the dress, I'd be myself once again, one of the lasts times of the
year. I'd be out, I'd go out to the same place where I wore the leggings for
the first time.

Something happened. A tube broke. There is no water in her house. She woke up
early and made breakfast, she did her housework. She did everything she was
supposed to do. It's not a cosmic punishment it's not karma, it's just an
unfortunate event.

"My mother decided she doesn't want a tube there, so my uncle broke the wall
and with it a tube, so now I don't have water and can't shower."

Again she wants to assign blame to somebody. What difference does it make? Am
I mad, too? Do I blame her mother, too?

I might tell Luis.

Why do I keep saying it to myself as if it were an excuse. A reassurance that
I'll keep going.

Today was the last day when they were going to call me if I passed. They
haven't. Why do I keep thinking it? They won't. Will I keep thinking and
waiting and wondering if Catherine will get the call? Will it make
a difference?

I sat besides Luis yesterday. I tried to take a picture but I didn't want to
put the flash. The last time I was in a picture with flash in the movie theater
I was sitting in the last row wearing make up and a skirt. Monica was a couple
rows in front. Did she see me there? Did she know we were in the same theater?
I never wondered that. Did I make a difference? Does it make one?

I thank the sexologist for her answer. She didn't have to. She could ignore it.
I'm not one of "her trans girls patients". She doesn't even know me. Why would
she help me?

I have the name and number of the endo. I could call him any time I want.
I don't. I don't have money to pay him, I don't have my father's permission nor
even my family's knowledge.

I'd be taking another burden alone. I'd be doing it myself without asking for
help.

How can I tell them? How can I ask? Why does it freaks me and scares me and
petrifies me?

"Here with my men", she posted in facebook. Will she put another statuses like
that tomorrow and the next day? Will she ask for pictures of "her men" in
disneyland? What will Catherine and Anahí say if they hear? What will they
think?

Luis has just entered my room: "What does curry tastes like?"

I motioned to the earphones in my head. "I can't hear you" I drew with my lips.
He stood there and asked again. He knows I do hear him. He knows I'm ignoring
him.

I want him to notice me and I send him away. Am I scared he will send me away?
Do I push people apart so I'd be alone by my own choosing?

Is that what Catherine did when she deleted Facebook?



### Thursday, 2015-12-24

Today is Christmas eve. I am in my uncle's house. We've come to celebrate the
holidays. I am sitting in the new dinning room with the laptop open on the
table. I fell asleep in the way here. I was sitting in my seat with the
earplugs in, it was unusual. It was like if I passed this permeable layer
between consciousness and fantasy. Like my thoughts came to life.

Yesterday I went out with Catherine. She came to pick me up and I waited for
her with the jeans over my leggings. The gray dress was in my bag. I told my
mom when I received her text message. I left like if I were hiding something.
Maybe my dreams were what made me easier to the thought of telling somebody.

I got in her car and saw her. We hadn't seen each other for a week. I wanted to
be near her, hug her, feel her close. I reclined myself in her arm and pulled
her closer. She gave me a present. "Happy Christmas" she said. It was a t-shirt
wrapped in newspaper. A white t-shirt with the image of classic Mickey. The
neck is a red line and the short sleeves are gray. That's the one I'll wear the
day after tomorrow for Disneyland. I wanted to try it on. See how it looked
with the bra and the leggings. I took the jeans off while she stepped off to
the Oxxo. She bought condoms and I changed. She parked us in front of the
store. People passed while I was topless and had the dress covering me. The
idea of my father coming to the store, too, parking beside me and seeing me.
Would he be surprised? Angry?

He wouldn't be expecting to see me there. Would that impede him to actually
notice me?

Maybe that's the reason they don't see me. They don't expect to see what
appears to them. I am a man, I don't wear make up. When I wear make up they
don't notice. When I put women pants on, they don't notice. When I show them my
hairless legs, they don't notice. Even Luis hasn't noticed.

"I'll work in Hooters." "You'll have to razor your legs".

I already do. Haven't you seen?

I guess he has not.

I put the dress on and took them off when we arrived. We undressed each other
and held us in our arms. She lied over me and I almost came right then. After
finishing each other off we showered. I put the clothes again. It feels
different treating the clothes as just that. I don't have to hide or change.
I can put the same thing with which I came. I can be myself. I put the make up
on with her. We shared the mirror.

There was something different this time. I didn't feel as comfortable as the
other times. I felt... broken. The image was bad, foggy. I would still be
exposed but it was different. She took us to the beach. We were going to eat in
the same place were I took the leggings. It was closed. We got off the car and
I was there. I showed myself even though I felt...

It was closed. We got to the car again and decided to go to the sushi place
where the guys gave us a taste that other time when I was wearing the skirt. We
entered and it was empty. I had asked Catherine to order for us. I hate the
moment when I open my mouth and they change the way they see and talk to me.
They welcome us as two women, and when I talk they see me as something else.

I should practice the way I talk. I should change the voice. I still feel like
a person in disguise, like I'm lying.

The waiter didn't use any pronouns. He talked neutral he saw us normally as any
other person. The couple that got in after us didn't notice me. Maybe they did
look and thought nothing. Maybe they just looked.

We tried new things. A mexican roll, she ordered chicken tempura and
I a yakisoba.

I ended up eating my plate, more than the half of ours and half of hers. She
was still hungry so I offered to go to the creperie.

I could drink something hot. Maybe a chocolate, maybe a tea.

The girls who were working there saw us and welcomed us.

"Are you ready [neutral, masculine] to order?"

I heard and felt miserable. It was a confirmation. I looked like a man the
whole day. Whom was I kidding?

Catherine told me she did use the feminine adjective.

I have no reason not to believe her.

The school didn't call back. Is that the first rejection or does the factory
counts, too?

They didn't answer the first time. Does the second counts, too?

### Friday, 2015-12-25

Tomorrow I have to wake up earlier than ever. Today is Christmas but it doesn't
feel like it. This had to be one of the most boring ones I've ever had.

I received two gifts. Catherine yesterday had none. She was the only one in her
house who didn't open anything. Everyone, including her dog had at least one.
We just talked about that before. She was sad, upset. There were a lot of
things related.

There were comments by some of her family. "Nobody remembers Cathy's indios".
"What you need is a so called Iván". How did he know about him? She had not
said anything or made any comment to her family. "Facebook", he said. It
couldn't be. She doesn't make any comments or posts about us. "That's what you
told me to say" he said to his wife and everybody laugh. It was their private
joke. She felt bad. She thought of herself as a bad person, a bad girlfriend.

At that moment I was worried about her and forgot to think about myself. That
was exactly what I was afraid of. I didn't want to be seen as her boyfriend. To
put myself under more expectations. That's exactly where I am. They are more
people to whom I have to come out and explain myself.

"He is not Iván, he is not my boyfriend". "If I didn't tell anyone I had my
reasons. This was exactly why I didn't want to tell you. Because you can tell
anyone".

Merry Christmas.

I remember thinking about Monica. Would she wish me something? What would I do
or say? Did I really forget or was something that I made myself do?

Christmas is almost ending, just like the year. In a couple of days they will
publish the results of the Exam. Am I excited by that or scared?

I had a debate with myself about what to wear. Jeans or leggings? I was more
and more convinced about breaking boundaries. Being there just like that. Show
me and be me.

I hate that phrase. "Show me" as if I were hidden. A part of me sees me like
a fool in denial and the other as a corny teenager submerged in melodramatic
bullshit. I am me. There are no masks or disguises just choices. Clothes and
names. I am me. I have always been me.

We were supposed to buy the tickets with the agency and just go. Pay and enjoy.
That was it. It was easy and comfortable. That's the reason I told my own
parents and invited my family.

Anahí came with the proposal about buying the other tickets. They were cheaper.
My father would save a little more than a hundred dollars. It would be a little
more complicated but the price was worth it.

Then, things started to change. Plans began to morph and everything turned to
shit. There would not be tickets before the day. Anahí wasn't going to receive
them, we would meet the lady before entering the park. Then there wasn't going
to be 7 tickets but 6. Maybe she could buy the other one. Maybe... We didn't
know. If not, everybody would have to complete the money that was missing for
the new ticket. The last news was how there would not be any tickets at all.
She would return the money to Anahí and we would buy the tickets online. Today
in the morning Catherine called me to tell me how there was no money. The
transfers system was not working because of Christmas. Anahí will have to meet
the woman there in the park to receive her money. There was a chaos. How would
we buy them? What would we do? What if Anahí decided not to go? I was desperate
and frustrated and my head wanted to explode.

I was irritated when my grandmother kept offering food. Didn't I want a piece
of cake? I answered no and told her I don't like strawberry nor cream cheese.
She kept offering, explaining how it wasn't so sweet and good. I wanted to
scream at her. Stand up and tell her how I fucking hate her. I remembered that
feeling when she grabbed my bracelet and asked me if it was weaved. I wished
I had the rainbow one. I wanted her to see so I could tell her.

I am gay. I am worse than gay. I am transgender and gay. Look at me. LOOK AT
ME.

Is that what I feel, is that really the reason?

When Luis told me he wondered if he was depressed the first thing that came to
me was guilt. Why do I feel guilty?

Maybe a deep part of me attributes myself the cause of it. Maybe I blame her
for my own suffering.

It's not her fault. She didn't pass it to me. My gender is nobody's fault.

It's no hers nor the world's.

It's not mine, either. It just happened.

### Saturday, December 26th, 2015 I just wrote this in Anahí's phone; in the
bus, with Catherine by my side.

### Sunday, 2015-12-27

Today I break the longest streak I've had.

Yesterday I almost lost. It was a couple of minutes after eleven when
I remembered. Anahí was asleep under Catherine's blanket. My phone had no
internet connection. Hers did. We all were seated in a dark bus. The bus was
half empty. Anahí had data I could borrow. I woke her up and asked her. She
gave it to me half-conscious and I cheated. I could had written a thousand
words with what happened. We were at disneyland. It was a these kind of days
when I went there with Monica. It was different. Even though we parted ways,
Catherine and Anahí spent some time with my family. They talked to Luis. Luis
talked to them. We all rode some attractions.

The woman with the money called Anahí a couple of times. She was rushed to meet
her. I was a little desperate for everything to end. I felt Anahí's
anxiousness. I shared it with her.

"How should I refer to her? Do I call her Iván? or...? She didn't tell me
anything"

Even after she got her money, there was another situation. Should all of us
stay together? Or I had to tell my parents we wanted to part?

A part of me didn't want to make Catherine and Anahí to spend time with my
family, being dragged to wherever they wanted to go, doing what they wanted to
do. It was our trip first. But at the same time, I felt guilty leaving Luis
alone with them. What should I do?

Catherine asked me. I had to make a decision. It was hard.

We picked different rows and entered at different times. We waited for them and
watched the music band march in the entrance. When I went back looking for them
I asked my mom. Told her we were a large party and maybe it might be easier if
we went our separate ways. She told me my dad had asked her the same thing.

The first half I was with just them. It was different when they changed
pronouns and names. The first time Anahí corrected herself it was an
uncomfortable relief. The first ride we went to was Pirates of the Caribbean.
Catherine had never got in but Anahí and I had. I knew there were little drops.
Little droplets of water wet some spots in our clothes.

I was wearing the pants Catherine gave to me and she wore leggings. Anahí was
in her baymax dress with red tights and a leather jacket. Catherine and I had
matching t-shirts. I wore the black long-sleeved t-shirt underneath and the red
long sweater over it. She had a black hoodie.

The second ride was the haunted mansion. Neither of them had seen it in the
holidays. They loved it. Catherine and I were in the same seat and Anahí rode
alone. Maybe that's why she changed moods several times. I would had felt
uncomfortable if I were with a couple.

Once I felt mad at her. Why did she have to be that way? Why can't she enjoy
herself? I was mad at myself. I remembered how I decided to take two pills that
morning. Just now I remembered I didn't take today's. Why do I gamble with its
effects?

The third ride was one I had never got in. There were almost no line even
though the park was full. Splash mountain. The little wait time we did I spent
it in anguish. When finally we stepped of half wet I had a little feeling of
pride. I did it.

We met my family and separated again. We would meet in the afternoon to eat. We
wanted to go to the Indiana Jones but it was closed. The aladdin one, too. We
ended up buying a big turkey leg to share and Anahí and I some frozen treats.
She a mickey shaped cookie and I a frozen banana. We watched the parade.

We ate watching the show of the little kids training as padawans. The ride we
all went to was the white mountain. Matterhorn. I closed my eyes the whole ride
waiting for a big fall but there were none. Just tossing and turning. It might
have been the longest wait besides Fantasmic. I saw Luis' eyes watering as he
stepped out.

We did end up buying churros. We ate them before watching the show. The lights,
the fire, everything. It was worth the wait.

The whole trip was amazing.

I look at the pictures. I remember the trip back home. I rested my head in
Catherine's shoulder. I think about how I used to remember the trip back with
Monica. We were asleep, too, before I woke up and woke her with my hands and
lips. My pants were wet.

I didn't touch Catherine like that. She touched me a little but lighter. She
brushed her fingers over my chest and thighs but that wasn't it.

I was asleep over her instead of the other way around. She wanted to wake me up
and whispered my name. She put her hand over my cheek and, in my sleep I put
mine over hers.

That is the sweetest memory of the trip.

### Monday, 2015-12-28

Today's biscuits had cheese in them. The odor almost made me gag. Other days
I would had felt rage or sadness. This time I just went to the kitchen and
cooked two eggs with the fries and the meat of one taco.

I showered a couple of minutes ago. The days are finally cold. I feel lost in
the calendar. I don't know how to find myself in the present. I don't seem able
to locate myself in time. I keep forgetting where in the year I am. 2015 is
almost ending. A couple of days and is over. One week after that and I'll be
23.

For a moment I forgot about looking for a job or looking for a doctor. Tomorrow
I'll see René. He sent me a text message earlier today asking me if 11 in the
morning worked for me. If it weren't for Catherine's reminder I wouldn't had
remembered today is monday and tomorrow I was supposed to have the meeting with
him.

Of what will I talk? The thought about having to tell him something is
a familiar one. The last time I went it was before the wedding. A thursday
before the wedding of my uncle. So then, since then what I haven't done?
I didn't tell my dad nor Luis. I didn't asked my mother about her comment to my
aunt.

What did happen?

I went to the wedding. I wore the suit. It was longer than the time before.
I used it for half the day.

Before that. It was Friday. Or was it that same thursday? Yes. Friday was when
we left for Mexicali. Thursday was when I decided to look for a doctor. I had
a discussion with Catherine. I looked everywhere. I found a lot. I got the
Facebook of the sexologist. I saw about the pilot treatment last year. I got
a list of experts in the area. One of them was an endocrinologist. I had hit
the jackpot when Catherine kept asking me about the page of the outdated NGO.

I should talk on the phone. I must had called. Those were my only options.
I had the name and number of the doctor. No intermediary, not some NGO or an
expert who could point me in the right way. I had his name, his number, his
place of work. I knew for a fact he treats trans people.

I had him. Why do I kept feeling anger? Why was I still scared? Why was I more
afraid than before?

Was it then when I found the news about a person from Guadalajara who was in
a march because the government didn't recognize his change of papers?

That breath of hope was gone, too.

I decided to go to sleep and cried in the sheets.

Then it was friday, and after that saturday, the wedding. I was in m suit when
I decided to send my resume. A factory and a school. A couple of minutes later
I got an answer from the university. Monday I would had my interview.

The wedding was a reminder of what I am not and what I will not have. Man and
woman. God made a man and a woman. Fight for the sanctimony of marriage. Women
should stand up, now men.

My mother's men.

There was no doubt in my clothes. Not even my hair. I was anxious and desperate
as the night passed by. I got home and untied my hair and took the clothes off.

My fathers comments the next day scared me. I should wear the suit again for
the interview. I already planned to tied my hair. But the suit? Again? If
I present myself like that, do I obligate myself to keep doing it if I get the
job?

Is gaining my life worth it if it means I have to live that way?

I didn't got the call. Christmas was calm and mellow. The next day we went to
Disneyland. I preferred separating myself from my family and it was a relief
hearing my name from their mouths.

The year is coming to an end. I use the excuse of the holidays to keep
postponing what scares me. I am afraid of keep looking for a job. I am afraid
of calling the doctor and making an appointment. What if I am rejected, too?
What if I have to disguise myself but in the other way?

For one I have to dress myself as a man with a suit and my hair tied. Even
Edgar made the comment of how he thought I had cut my hair.

"It's a returning vice". If he only knew.

What if I have to go extremely feminine to the appointment, what if he thinks
I am not trans enough? Do I have to paint myself and wear a dress? Do I have to
use that name?

How should I introduce myself in the call?

People say how in job interviews even the handshake is a test itself.

What if that, too, is a test which I'll fail?



### Tuesday, 2015-12-29

"Look at the girl"

"What is it that impedes you?" "I am scared. When I wear these clothes, if they
see me as a man I have an excuse. The more I look how I want, the more it hurts
when they keep seeing this other me."

I woke up early. I dreamed something. I was in a school. I bought food,
I think. I saw Jessica and maybe Eusebio. I was mad at Catherine. I walked
through a hotel room. Was I waiting for her?

Today I had my last session of the year. René knows Magallanes. He's a doctor
from the same university. "Does he treats them or is it just because he's an
endocrinologist?" He appeared on the list. In a couple of weeks I'll have the
answer of the sexologist. Maybe she'll confirm his name, maybe she'll give me
another contact. Maybe I won't hear from her again.

I was angry again with the lack of internet. I didn't receive any answer from
Catherine since yesterday. I put the cell data and in the morning I received
nothing. When my father knew he told me to check for a phone line. I called
TELNOR and a voice message answer telling us to pay the bill. I had no credit
anymore in the cellphone. I was off contact. Luis told him if he could buy us
breakfast. He asked me if I wanted anything. Was it yesterday when they came
with cheese? I asked him for chicken pieces. I wouldn't eat them anyway until
this evening. I had plans with Catherine.

I parked outside René's office. It was free but I walked towards the oxxo
anyway. I payed the cellphone and bought 4 little donuts. I wanted a cup of hot
chocolate but it was watery. The other one was diluted, too. I ended up buying
a bottle of green tea. I ate the pastry there while I chatted with Catherine.
The bottle I finished while I waited in the building. Again I took the flights
of stairs. I was in the fourth floor when I saw the man with his baby. He was
holding him and talking to him. Was him a boy or a girl? I thought he was a boy
but she could well had been a girl. The baby wore yellow clothes and a little
hat. The more young they are, the easier is for them to be anything.

The baby and the man looked at me. I barely smiled and walked towards the
corner. The baby kept looking at my way and the father turned, too. He said his
phrase and moments later took the elevator or entered another office. Why did
I smile? Did I like it?

He wasn't wrong was he? If somebody who knew me were there they might had
corrected him. Maybe they would had kept silent and laugh when he left. If
I would had spoken he might had corrected himself.

Do the rest of people see me that way, too? I was wearing women's jeans with
a t-shirt and a hoodie. The jeans and the shoes were the only feminine think
I was wearing. No, that's not true. The t-shirt and the hoodie were the only
masculine things I was wearing. The coat is men's, too, but it looks feminine.
That's why I bought it. The first time I showed it to somebody was... it was to
Fien. She was with me when I bought it.

We walked in Primark (is that how it was called?), she proposed separating
ourselves so she could look in the women's section and I in the men's. There
wasn't where I bought it. It was in Valladolid. A mall there. I picked it in
one store we passed by. I bought a pair of shoes, too. I chose them because
they looked feminine as well. I saw them thin and simple. I hesitated but ended
up buying both.

I left the big gray coat I took with me and brought home the black one I keep
wearing. I liked how it was long. I like long clothes.

After the session I drove to Catherine's house. There was her aunt and cousin.
Was he his nephew?

I noticed more the accents in her parents. Does she has it, too?

They talked to me. Narrated some stories. I feel awkward and uncomfortable with
the idea of them getting to know me. What will happen when Catherine tells
them? Her mother already knows.

She's like my mother. She knows but ignores it.

How do their relatives see me? Did her aunt saw me as a girl, too? Is it just
old people? Is it just men?

Is it all just in my head?

### Wednesday, 2015-12-30

Almost 15 thousand pictures. For someone who doesn't like them I sure seem to
have a lot.

Tomorrow will be the last day of the year. I have surpassed the last streak.
I forgot their meanings. The first long one was the days I had been taking the
antidepressants. The second one was the number of days I had since I talked to
Monica. Was it? Really? Yeah, it matched. I talked to her because the count had
gone down to 0. Then, in Halloween, before going out with Catherine and Anahí,
we agreed to stop again. Break contact once more. Was it my idea or hers?
I said it. She told me she wasn't ready to be my friend. I proposed it. I asked
it. Did she want us to go back to not talking again?

"OK", she said.

Ok...

Was that the last streak? Are these the number of days? 60 days since that?
Yeah, it seems.

The end of the year. How were we at the start of this year? We talked to each
other. She was here still. She hadn't left yet to Paris. No, we stopped seeing
each other by now. I didn't know it yet, but the last time we saw each other
was before today a year ago.

No, August was the last day we saw each other. We met in Plaza Rio. Catherine
was with me. She stayed in the car. I got my book back and gave her hers. For
a time I wondered what happened to that notebook I gave her.

She kept it, she later would say. Was it true? Does it make a difference?

A week ago I wondered what I would do if she talked to me this Christmas. Would
I answer back? Would I ignore it? I congratulated her on her birthday in
september. We were in silence then. I did. This time I could had done it again.
No. I offered to stop contact. I can't start it. I should let it die. Our
relationship is as dead as Iván.

We're not friends. She doesn't care. I should not miss her.

I glimpsed through the thousands of pictures I have. Not even this last year.
I have ones from 5 years ago. Half a decade. I saw so far away then. Even more.
I was in high school. It's been almost 5 years since I left it. I remember how
it hurt whenever she said those were her worst years. She met me there. We
shared those days. Sure, we spent them arguing and in teenager's drama. It was
hell for me, too. But I have to remind myself about those nightmarish
experiences. To me high school was the time I spent with her.

Jr high was my hell. And I had friends there. I met Zuri, I was known. No, it
still was hell. Medrano doesn't count. I can't even imagine telling him about
me. What would he say? How would he react? He tried to make contact before
I went to Spain.

Manuel and Mario. Mario was one of those friends. Now he is almost a doctor
like Manuel. Manuel is almost half of the size he used to be. We both are
almost non-recognizable. No, that's not true. I had long hair in high school
almost all the way until the end. I exited it with a short hair. Even shorter
than when I entered. I was mistaken as Alan's girlfriend a couple of times.
I was thin like Manuel now. I was sick. Sick with sadness and hopelessness.
I was fooled by denial. I thought hell ended in 4th semester but it was then
when I knew how to deal with it and hide it. Monica helped me drown it.

It wouldn't surface until those bursts of ire and melancholy. I'd keep it under
control for another couple of years.

"This is just beginning", René reminded me.

I have changed so much. Even the start of this year. I had long hair. I was
working in the Mental Hospital. And I look different. I feel so different.

I can't shake those man's words.

"Look at the girl", he told his baby. He referred to me as a woman. Did
I applied make up? Yes, I was going to Catherine's. I was wearing women's
clothes. I said it yesterday, the only masculine things were my shirt and
hoodie. The coat was man's but european.

They are no longer women's clothes.

In my closet there is not a separation between men's and women's clothes. All
of the clothes are mine. They are separated instead with the usual and secret
ones.

A part of myself is a secret itself.

Hidden is intact and protected.

It's not kept hidden because it's forbidden or horrible. I keep it hidden
because it's fragile.

### Thursday, 2015-12-31

I close this year now. Every one that passes by is more difficult for me to
differentiate them. I still think of this year as the one I went and returned
from Spain. That was two years ago. Two years ago I started with all of this.
Two years minus a week I wrote that entry in my journal. The one Catherine gave
to me. The best present I've ever received. A bounded journal made by her.
Pictures of us, the letter of acceptance, maps of where I would live. I filled
it with my thoughts and fears and worries.

Then I saw my life ending. I couldn't see further from my nose. I had no
future. I had no hope. I returned with nothing. I left that problem in Spain.
Last year I was here, too. But that was gone. I was cured. I was normal again.
It was not two years ago. I made it go away. I ignored it again, buried it, hid
it. It wouldn't resurface until months in. I didn't talk to Catherine again,
like before until months into the year. We started going out in spring. This
will be my first Christmas with this secret. I'll start this new year and the
streak will begin once again.

I feel a little pathetic remembering Monica and feeling the doubt of if she
will say something being born in my mind.

I should let it go. Why can't I let it go?

"Do you think they would stop talking to you?", Catherine asked me about my
mates from high school. No, I think they would not. Not Alan nor Diana. Roger
and Omar even less. Monica I would think she would, but I can now know. I'd be
alone. I'd be miserable and hopeless. I told her I would had wanted to know
then. But, really, what would I do differently? I did the best I could. It's
not fair blaming a little boy with the problems of an adult.

I'm not alone anymore. I have friends. I have Catherine and Anahí. My mother
knows and my father is here. He won't disown me. He won't hit me. He might not
understand but he may love me.

I should not fear that. I can do it. I can start this year with confidence and
hope. I should, I must.

I dreamed about a high school. It wasn't ours. It was in another country. Was
it South America? I think of the letters CNDH. "Like the Human Rights?"
Catherine would ask when I told her. Yes, but it was a high school. We walked
to school. There were some streets. I was with her. Why were my parents there
with us? I remember seeing Luis but he was smaller. He was a little boy.

Yesterday I saw some of my earlier pictures. 2010 I think were the earliest.
I had some of Monica. 2007. Was she fourteen? She was in Austin with her dad.
I deleted most of them. Why didn't I erased all of them? Why would I want to
keep them? I plan to delete most of them. I'll keep only the best ones. No, not
the best. I won't delete them just because I don't like them. I would not keep
any of them. I'll delete the most memorable ones or important ones. I got to
the christmas party of high school that might be the reason of my dream.
Pictures of that time, photos of Luis being a little kid. He was a four year
old boy sitting in my legs in my 15th birthday. In a week I'll turn 23.

It seems surreal. Where did that time went to? I will never get it back.
I spent them in those memories I despise. I spent 8 years in hell. Wast it 10?
15?

When did I stop living?

Did I even start?

I will start. I have started.

My life starts just when I began to really live it. It is my choice. It is my
responsibility. I will do what I can do. Nothing stops me from keeping looking
for a job. Go door to door and offer myself. I have their contacts, nothing
stops me from grabbing the phone and making a call. Even if Magallanes can't
help me, I might receive the message from the sexologist. I can ask her for
help. I can offer a volunteering job with her patients. I can go to COCUT.
I can ask for help or offer mine. I have the other names of the doctors in
Ensenada. Nothing stops me from telling Luis and my dad. Their reactions is not
on my control. I can't do anything to change those. Just I can let them hurt
me.

Nothing can stops me now. I won't let anything stop me anymore.


