# 2016 — 23 years old

## December, 2016

### 2016-12-01

I am in front of the computer, just after returning from talking with both my grandma and my mother. I was in the couch watching the new episode of The Big Bang Theory when I eavesdropped on their conversation. My mom has now the number of the sexologist. She is not the one her therapist had mentioned. The first mentioned one was a male, a homosexual man who knew since he was a child. Karla Minguela. I've heard that name before. She teaches Sexuality in the Faculty. People love her and recommend her. I guess I am fine with that decision. She mentioned another name, another recommendation, this was for a family constellation. As I heard that I told her not to go to those kind of things.

Without realizing I changed seats from the couch to the table and talked with them. First I mentioned the move to the Capital and then about Luis and therapy. My mom explained about her first session. As I had suspected it, her therapist is a Gestaltist. She made her make contact with the buried emotions that she repressed during my coming out. She told Les while we were all at the table that she had the number already, and asked them when could they go. She mentioned something about calling the next day. Now I can't remember if it was about the sexologist or her therapist.

In the morning I woke up, again, as usual. I fed and took outside the dog. The food left for me in the kitchen were three burritos of flour tortillas. Two of them were folded in half instead of rolled. I opened then and notice how the filling was scarce and barely noticeable. At first I even thought it was just beans and chorizo. I ate two of them and swallowed my pills.

I considered mentioning at the table how Rene had the idea of starting to lower the dosage of the antidepressants so I could leave without any medication. Now he upped it instead. "Why?" would they ask, I anticipated. What has happened? Have I been feeling worse? And then I could mention how everything has been for me. The news about Les and the reaction of everybody and the feeling of having to deal with everything again. And on top of that there's the pressure of dealing with a move and all sort of issues of being alone in a different city.

Did I return to bed? I did. Nymeria spends her nights on her bed and the mornings she sleeps with me. This day it wasn't different. Miguel had told me yesterday if I could drive him to school, he'd be entering later in the morning. At a quarter before eight I put an alarm to nine. If Miguel would need me to take him before that he would wake me, if not, it was a good time. I was the one who woke him up. I drove him there and then return home. Did I sleep again? I think I did. Yeah. I told Catherine how the thought had came tome that the upped dosage had not worked. And then I myself realized the absurdity of the idea after just a couple of hours.

In my dream there was something about that. I took my pills in certain day and realized there were lots in the days before and I wondered if I should take them or not. I knew it would not do any good to take the missed doses, and yet again I swallowed the ones from a day before. Just to notice later that even more days were left.

Talking with Catherine I mentioned, just like yesterday the similarity of the nickname L picked for themselves. Les. Luis. I used it in the conversation and Catherine asked me if it was alright to call them that if we haven't been told to use it. Supposedly we don't even know it.

It's weird using Luis. I feel guilty every time I gendered them in any way. It feels wrong using female ones, and I feel guilty to use male nouns. With the name it's the same. Every time I type it or say it, I feel like somebody else calling me Ivan.

My mom mentioned her friend of the salon as somebody who could help me in my move to the DF. She lives there and I might be use their help staying with them for a while. I don't know how I would feel in that situation. And yet again I cannot imagine what I would do arriving to someone else's asking about rent and presenting in any way.

Just two months.

Less than ten weeks before I am there, before I leave.

### 2016-12-02

I'm home. This morning I didn't have the opportunity to return to bed and sleep some more. I'm exhausted and so tired I could just forget about the words and rest about reality, about everything. I showered as soon as I finished the two tacos my grandma made me and swallowed my pills. For a minute I doubted that my mom would shower as well and someone of us would be late. When I climbed the stairs I saw her in her room already changed. I got in and got ready. When I got out she had already left and I had time left.

I did my hair and put on my face. I picked the clothes and waited until it was just the time. When I was outside waving Nymeria good-bye the phone rang and I read Lili's name on its screen. It was a call to tell me she had left the office open just waiting for me. I got in and sat in the couch. I brought my book. I've been reading it for so long, I have entirely lost to ability to even estimate how much time I've been reading it. I am on the lasts parts of it. I read it sitting in the waiting room until the time of the appointment.

The patient arrived. I see several of Lili's patients the same. She made me think of that other patient I saw.

The interview passed smoothly. Everything went fine. We set up another meeting for next Friday at 10 in the morning. Today my mom was supposed to call the sexologist. Did she? Will she? I told Catherine in the car how I thought that I might be the one who brings L to the sessions. Would I have to enter as well? Will the sexologist be interested in me, knowing about me, knowing me?

The first session my mother will probably be the one in charge of taking them. She'll want to step in and answer the questions of the first interview and clinical history. Will she give the motive or will the sexologist ask L herself.

I don't know. There is no point in wondering about that.

I gave farewell to the patient and read Catherine's messages asking if I had entered already and later if I was out. Had I left?

Back home I sat and watched some television. We agreed that I could pick her up and go somewhere to eat after her session. There was a problem, I misunderstood her when she answered between two and two twenty. I planned to ask her at what time would I leave, but she answered at what time to pick her up.

I left home in a hurry and got four minutes before two twenty. She sent me a message asking to wait for her. I drove to Lili's office and in there she introduced us to a young woman and her granddaughter. The little girl kept looking at me. Did she notice something weird or different? When Catherine entered with her patient, Lili invited me in to chat until her patient arrived. She asked me how I've been doing but I didn't dare to answer truthfully. I talked a little about the pressure of time but that was it.

We went to the Tea house I've always been wanting to go. We asked for an infusion, it was red and we accompanied it with a slice of apple pie. We sat there taking pictures and talking. It was nice.

We left and had the plan of going to eat teriyaki. When we were on our way I confessed how I was not hungry anymore. I don't really remember how the conversation turned towards the DF. She asked in the gas station if we settled about what would we do for our presents for the holidays. My birthday is just two weeks after Christmas and hers is two weeks before Valentine's.

"We won't be together by Valentine's" It was just the reminder that I would be alone by then.

"It's absurd to worry about looking for a place where I can take Nymeria if I will already have to look for a place where they can take me... I have to be realistic and know there's a possibility that I'll be homeless."

Those words kept resounding in my head and I had a stomachache that later turned into nausea. We stopped in a place of Chinese food and I stayed in the car. I told her that it would be better if I came back home.

I didn't know if I would finish the words. I guess I just did.

It's not even time for Nymeria's dinner and I want to lie on the bed.

### 2016-12-03

I have the Khan page of Stattistics in another window just playing the video in the background. At least I can hear the things and concepts that I supposedly already know. For instance, the first video about what questions are statistical and which aren't.

"What do you want for Christmas?..." "For everyone to stop calling me Ivan"

Some months ago I thought about that exchange and what I could answer. It was a little passive aggressive and yet I considered it feasible. Today Luis asked me that question in the car. I stayed silent. I didn't dare to say that. Sometimes words hurt more than we think.

It wasn't the right way. If they ask me again, I'll just say to keep the money of the gifts they would give me and save it for when I pass hunger.

The ideas they gave me, even though they weren't serious, were useless having in mind that I'll leave in some months. They talked about giving me a control to the console of L, and then my mother said about giving me tape to put posters in my room. The room where I'll no longer sleep.

I've change the speed of the videos. I remember reading somewhere about someone talking about Sal's speed of talking and how he watched them at twice its speed. Even at 1.5, I think it's rushed and kind of cheating. 1.25 it's a sweet middle where he talks faster but it's almost unnoticeable.

Yesterday after returning from my date, or day with Catherine, I had a sort of stomachache and nausea. I went to sleep fairly early. I slept around nine or ten in the evening. A couple of hours later my grandma knocked on my door and asked me if I was in bed. I answered affirmative and told them to come in anyway. She said the robe for Nymeria was ready, she would put it on my night table.

I went back to sleep. I dreamed about a school, some sort of boarding school or college town. I lived with Catherine in a kind of room. We slept in two beds, how are they called, that beds that are on top of each other. She slept on the upper one. I was mad at her, or was I upset? Every time that I asked her to do something or being together, she was busy either studying or buying clothes. There were other things. In one I tried to cheat in a text and in other I was looking for some sort of book.

In the middle of the night I heard something outside my room. It wasn't the car getting in the driveway but the rattle of the keys in the door and the screeching of its opening. I was disoriented about time. Was it the next day already? Did I fell asleep? I looked at my phone and saw how it was two hours after midnight. Was my mom just arriving? I fell asleep again.

I woke up around seven in the morning again well-rested. I fed the dog and took her outside. The wind was sharp and chilling. I joyfully felt its grasp on my skin with a smile on my face. I didn't take the pills yet. Maybe my father would bring food, maybe we'd go to the United States. I returned to bed and put the red robe on Nymeria. She looks really cute and formal. I let her climb the bed and sleep with me.

My mom woke me up and asked me if I was going to shower. My brothers were already dressed. My mom and my grandma were sitting on the stairs chatting. I got showered and dressed. I put on the blouse I took off yesterday when Catherine said I looked monochromatic and the crimson jeans.

We crossed the border and went to eat to In n out. I asked for extra spread and enjoyed the cold that bothered both L and my mom. We went to Walmart. I bought a cushion shaped as a hot-dog and a hamburger planing it to give it to Catherine. Before that we stopped at Best Buy. They bought an Xbox for L to open up at Christmas. The seller asked them if they wanted anything else. And looked at me and then said about another controller so I could play with him. Did he see me as a girl? People in the burger place opened the door for me.

In Target I bought a blouse and a dark red hoodie. Luis bought a Pokemon X game, later they said I could have it for Christmas and exchange the pokemon.

That was really nice.

### 2016-12-04

It's been more than a week, has it reached the month?, since I met with Paola for coffee. We talked then about the shop, the course I could offer. The one she proposed on the spot for the next day did not materialize into nothing. She told me to make the poster and start offering on the social pages. Today it's done. She has it now and will upload it in any moment. I feel like when I was in high school and had just finished a flyer or some project, drunk with pride and creativity.

In another tab I finished the process of application for a debit card. I uploaded a picture of my passport and filled their blank spaces with my correct but outdated information. I signed with the mouse and then, in less than 10 minutes, I received two emails with instructions to setting up the page and making the first deposit to receive my plastic.

I told Catherine how the only limit was that I couldn't get deposited more than 15,000 thousand pesos a month. I can surpass that limitation by just uploading a proof of residence or even just my id. I told her as well how I thought the card would have the legal name typed in it. Maybe it won't, I hope it doesn't. It doesn't matter.

When I mentioned the limit she told me that the scholarship would probably not exceed the limit. I answered back saying how by the time that the scholarship would be set I hope to already have made another count with my name. "Why do you want it, then?". I told her it was so people would have a way to make a deposit to my card. "That's a good idea"

I will need a way so my parents can send me money for the first months of being there. Now that I remember the exchange she said it in a jokingly manner. "How much will the scholarship be, like a thousand?". She earns a lot more than me, she earns her salary in dollars. She knows I am sensitive about the frustration of not being able to look comfortably for a job, the fear of being discriminated for who I am. Just now I started to get upset. Should I let my emotions flow or should I try to shut them down? They serve no use to me.

In the morning when I took Nymeria outside I received a message from Lili asking me how I was. She asked me how went the session with Lorena and I answered. She continued if Lucy had contacted me and I told her the truth. I tried to deflect the topic of the conversation giving her the time and dates of my next appointments and mentioning the night of drinks next tuesday.

I went back to sleep after breakfast and let Nymeria climb the bed and rest besides me.

Last night I finished the book I've been reading. American Gods. I had been reading it for months. When I signed into the application where I track the progress of my reading, I came upon a picture of me with short hair and Monica behind my back. That picture is from more than 4 years ago, years before we stopped talking, years before she went to France, years before I went to Spain, years before I transitioned and started living. Years before lots and lots of things. Monica is infamous for the fakeness of her smile, but was mine any more sincere?

I tried changing the name, the picture, anything, but the app didn't let me. I tried logging outside of it, on the browser, but the e-mail or the password was incorrect. I tried several combinations but none was the right one. I let it be and went to sleep. L knocked on my door and gave me the DS with the pokemon card. I formatted the portable console and made my own profile. It was weird trying to represent me with Mii. When I played the game, I put my name in it and the group of fictional friends asked me for a nickname. I gave it to them.

My father gave me the money for the week and my mom the one for the month's therapy and 500 extra. I should go tomorrow to River plaza to make a deposit in the bank and buy the pill cutter. My pill organizer is empty. I should fill it.

### 2016-12-05

I found it extremely difficult to get out of bed in the afternoon. I've been taking the upped dosage of antidepressants and yet I don't think I've noticed a significant difference. I did get up in the morning to take my pills and eat breakfast and feed Nymi and take her outside. I, eagerly, returned to bed and let her climb to my side. Maybe an hour or an hour and a half passed before I actually fell asleep. I know I dreamed something. I dreamed lots of things. Lots of vivid and complicated narratives of a fictional reality.

Yesterday I applied for the debit card. I have the money to pay for the initial deposit. I can do it directly in the bank. It would be really nice not to involve the help of my father or mother. Just tell them I have it and they can deposit to it or use it for my course.

I changed and showered and did my hair. Several times I've wondered if IU'd be able to go out without wearing make up. Today I tried it. I didn't wear any. Not even base or mascara, not a thing. As natural as when I presented as a boy.

I had the information, the bank reference to pay for the master in neurobiology. I had the information to make the first deposit of the card. I needed to buy the pill cutter to stop separating them with my knife. And so, when I was ready, I left the house early to go to the bank and buy the pill cutter. I went to the plaza in front of the hospital where I had surgery more than ten years ago. I parked infront of the bank and got into the ATM. I try to input the information that I had in my phone but it kept asking me the number of the place. Was it some sort of code? I got out of line and tried to do some research in my phone. It was for naught. I tried it again but I couldn't go past it. I left and realized that the bank would close in less than five minutes. I had considered getting in line inside, going for the help of a teller. I went to the pharmacy instead.

I could had bought the Diane pills. They are like 300 pesos. I could ask for them later. I have until next week to buy them. I grabbed the only think in there and went to the pharmacists. There was no other costumer around. I was greeted by the one closest to the cashier and she gendered me correctly. I paid and got out. I returned home.

Paola published the flyer of my workshop. She got the first likes, of one stranger and Catherine. For a moment I was worried that the same outcome of the improvised one would happen. Nobody would be interested, not a single person would attend. Today, after leaving the plaza, I got a message of Paola telling me there were 5 people interested in the workshop, but formally eight.

I think it was yesterday when Catherine asked me if I had stopped looking for a different venue where to give do it. She wasn't all that convinced that Paola's was such a good idea. I looked for the saved link of the offices for rent. They had a room specialized for workshops. I found it. They charge 100 pesos for the hour and need copies of my id, a proof of residence and one of studies.

I doubted it myself. I didn't want to go through the hassle of giving mismatched documents and having to explain myself. In the morning she told me that she was thinking about a group of 20 or 30 people, like the groups of the university, but it was going to be more like 10 or 15. I told her I would love for the group to be as big, but I didn't expected it to be. At first I was actually a little disappointed. "Just 15 people, that's what Catherine expects of me". But then I started making the calculations. 10 people of students would be 8 thousand pesos. That's more than enough of a gain. Even if just five people went I would get around four thousand.

I started to get excited again.

I saw I* for the last session of applications. She spent most of the hour answering the MMPI. Tomorrow will be the party of the office. I won't see Catherine until then. I can still go early to the bank and do the things I have to. I don't know what I'm going to wear. This Friday is the Christmas party of the gang. I have to buy the ingredients and make the potato salad I promised. Wednesday I'll make the list.


### 2016-12-06

I don't know if I'll be here before midnight. If I have to cheat, tomorrow I'll write double.

Party.

### 2016-12-07

So I cheated. I don't really remember the last time I didn't truthfully wrote the seven hundred words. Yesterday I didn't get up until later in the afternoon. I went to shower and to the bank. I did not wear make up the first trip out like on Monday. The trip to the bank was infuriating and annoying. Since realizing the day before that I had gone to the wrong bank I looked for the location of the right one. I noticed how there weren't any in the plaza where I had gone Monday nor in the Galerias one. There was one, however, on the neighborhood two streets to the right.

With time to spare I went yesterday with the three references for the deposits. I got there without a hassle but noticed the parking spaces were full. There wasn't a single one vacant and in front of me was another car waiting for a spot. We were stopped in a red light which not much later turned green. There were cars behind us that took a turn and continued on their way. Three changes of the lights I turned as well and looked for another bank. There was another one near Monica's home. Going to the November 20th I would have to make a left turn before going over the bridge that crosses the freeway. The traffic from the bank to the Nov20 less than a km away took me almost 20 minutes. I missed the turn and had to make a u one passing the bridge. There was traffic on the way back, and, to make everything perfect, there was no fucking bank. In the supposed place where it should had been was instead a car shop. I didn't bother to look around for it, and instead return to the first one I had gone to. I parked the car a couple blocks north and went there on foot.

I got into the bank and saw several atms and two special ones which let me do deposits. I made the first deposit, the 200 pesos to my personal account. There was no problem of unknown information for a unexpected request or anything like that. I filled their boxes with ease. And when it asked me to review all the data, I tried to changed the box of "concept" where lies the description of the transaction. It wasn't needed for that specific deposit, but I did need it for the two of the masters. I decided to wait in line to a teller and ask him to do the deposit. I waited in line. When it was finally my turn, the teller saw me and after hearing my motive, he disregarded me saying "you can do that in the atm". I explained that I needed some info to be on the receipt. "You can do that as well". I told him a little frustrated that I had tried it.

It was uncomfortable, I was annoyed. He gave me my change and the receipts and told me "Have a good day, young man". I left the place, wondering if it was because of the name in the notes or my voice or that I wasn't wearing any make up. I drove back home, and on the way here, a person selling gum approached my window and addressed me as young lady.

I scanned the receipts and already have them on my laptop. I should had uploaded them to the system, but didn't. Just now I'm wondering how many days I have left until the deadline. How much can I pretend that there is no application and no days of waiting and hoping and dreading, no difficulties. Nothing.

I returned home and took Nymeria out for a walk. We walked to the other side. Instead of going right to the park where I once went with my friends of elementary school more than 10 years ago, we went to the left and climbed the hill that I walked every morning for a semester before I learned to drive. We came back exhausted and she lied down half-ly on her bed. Hours passed and I put on make up and got ready for going out with the other psychologists of the office. Catherine told me she could come pick me up. She would drive me back. I took her offer.

She came and I went outside. We drove to the italian restaurant we once went not long ago, and where another time years before we had gone with the gang one thursday after the hospital to eat breakfast when it was another different restaurant.

We got there and the valet parking received us with a "ladies" and took the car keys from Catherine. We walked in just after getting the text message saying they were already inside. Iris and Lili were at the table. Not much later Gilda caught up with us. We ate pizza and pasta. We talked as if we were friends from a long time ago. About the future and our past. Our trips and our memories. Our experience outside the country, Catherine's witness of a catastrophe and Iris hope of meeting a loved one.

Iris said that she had recognized us from sight in our time in college. I had dismissed it, thinking that maybe it was just Catherine. That maybe I look different enough to be separated from him. Yesterday, after the mention of our trip to the National Park of San Pedro Martir, she said that she had gone there with us. Catherine exclaimed with surprise remembering her and agreeing. I stayed unaware. I trust her, but I don't really remember. Later did I feel the awkwardness of being recognized and known. I had met her, I guess. She does know about me.

Hours passed and we drank and talked. We were the last people to leave the restaurant. It was a couple of minutes passed eleven. Catherine drove me home and I got in the house. Nymeria welcomed me with hops of excitement and I carried her in my arms upstairs. I opened the door to my parents bedroom to tell them I was home, but they were asleep. I came back to my room and got ready to bed. I took the make up out of my face and the cloths off. I got into bed and turned the lights off and the night lamp on. Nymeria walked towards her bed in her cute outfit and lied down without even trying to climb to mine.

I looked at her and caressed her. "You are so beautiful and pretty, yes you are, I love you so much", I told her in a sweet voice how I never had imagined I would ever talk. I kept caressing her and my words of love turned to worried laments: "I don't want to leave you behind" My eyes started watering. "I don't want to leave you". I was crying. "Please don't die"...

Where did that come from? What happened?

Not much later I fell asleep.

In the morning, as usual, I got up and fed the dog and took her outside. I fed myself and took my pills. I returned to bed and put the alarm to 10 and a half. Today I would meet with Rene. I tried to sleep and Nymeria climbed the bed. She got really playful the first couple of minutes and then just lied down by my feet. I dreamed some things that I don't remember. The warmth of her body on my legs was really comforting. I had to postpone the alarm several times and didn't got out of the bed until eleven.

I showered but not shaved, not my legs nor chest. I didn't even shaved my face more than a pass with the machine. I barely put something on my hair and let it wild. On my face there was nothing more than moisturizer. I wore a pair of pants that look like jeans and a long sleeved t-shirt that has a hoodie from the time I wore man's clothes.

I looked at myself in the mirror and wondered how manly or feminine I looked. The bra was thin and my breasts were almost not noticeable. My pants were very fitting and the curves of my legs, on the other hand, were fairly obvious. My face looked natural but smooth. It has changed. Nobody gendered me in any way and yet I felt comfortable. I walked to Rene's office and waited for him outside.

In the morning I made public the flyer of the course. More than twenty people have liked it, and several even shared it with their contacts. I put it in the group of the graduates of my class and even there got some views. I gave out some information to several interested people.

Maybe it will be a success. Maybe I will get some money. Maybe I am not really that useless. Maybe I can survive.

### 2016-12-08

After the missing day, I am again at one month. 30 days. My parents are not home. They left maybe an hour ago. My dad came before my mother and he entered with a roses in his hands. When my mom arrived, they agreed to going to the movies. They will probably are going to have sex. If I were in their place I would not really go to the movies, I would go to a nice motel and enjoy the company of my wife.

Yesterday, was it?, Catherine sent me the link of several hotels which charged around three thousand pesos for 5 nights in Mexico city. Double bedrooms. Between each other, that was achievable. A heavy weight was lift from my shoulders. I can now think about and imagine and enjoy the nights with her. The walking around the city. She says she can help me look around for apartments.

Even now that I am writing that, I even forget that I will be doing a test for a future master with a name that doesn't match anymore with my appearance. Lately I've been going outside without any make-up and not really feminine clothes. Yesterday I wore a red hoodie from when I dressed as Ivan. Even today that I went to Wal-mart to buy the beers and the ingredients for the potato salad I went without anything but moisturizer on my face and with a man's t-shirt. I wasn't gendered in any way, but I felt comfortable, I didn't feel no weird looks or comments.

I finally uploaded the scanned bank receipts. I uploaded the ID, too, to the bank site. It appeared a pop up message telling me to remember that a representative of the bank will contact me soon about the request of upgrading my account. I don't even have the card yet. Maybe I should had waited.

I woke up early before my mother left the house. I took Nymeria outside and ate the burritos my grandma made me. There were two packages on the table. Miguel had said yesterday that he wouldn't be going to school today. I returned to bed and let Nymeria climbed to my bed. The first moments when she's up with me, she's all agitated and energetic, moving around and searching my pillows or wandering around my body and scratching herself or digging my sheets. This time was no different.

We stayed in bed until the afternoon. I could had stayed there. I didn't want to get up. I was tired. I wanted to keep resting. I am so comfortable in my bed with Nymeria and nothing to worry or think about.

I read the recipes I found on the internet to the potato salads and looked at the ingredients. Miguel and my grandma eat at the same time, both of them were sleep, too. They ate and offered me something. I showered instead. I thought about wearing this shirt. When I went to give some tutoring to Paola I wore one of the male shirts, as well. Why do I want to tread into the androgynous? Why do I want to test myself? I went to Wal-mart and do some shopping. I bought fruit and onions, I bought eggs. I bought the ingredients for the salad and some even for Luis and my mom to do Tostitos with fruit and Clamato.

I went into the liquor part of the store and grab a 12 of beers. I am drinking on of them right now.

I went into the kitchen and prepared the stuff. I chopped and sliced the celery and green onions. I put the eggs and the potatoes to boil. I peeled the eggs and the potatoes. I cut them and mixed them with the green stuff. I battered the mix of mayo and mustard and stuff. I taste it and was a little disappointed. I let it chill in the fridge while I made myself the beverage that I am almost done with. I ate the two burritos that Miguel left in that second package on the table. I watched some tv, until my father and later my mother arrived.

I've tasted the salad again. The color and look in general changed from that first taste. I grabbed a mouthful with the spoon and tried it. It was better. I could taste the pickles in it. Would the eggs be a problem? Or the onion? What if nobody likes it?

Why did Paola not invite her boyfriend? A thought cross my mind. How would it feel if it was because of me, because we wasn't comfortable around me.

Is that really that possible? Enough to even think about it?

### 2016-12-09

Today is the day of the party, the Christmas party. I woke up un the early morning as usual. I had put an alarm to wake me up by 7, but I think I did not need it. I feed the dog and took her outside. My grandma told me there was a plate of eggs for me in the kitchen. I ate and took my pills. I was awake before my mother left. She told me to put the camera to charge. I did and the tiny yellow light next to the battery started flashing as I plugged the cable in. I let it there and went to get ready. I shaved part of my legs and body without shaving cream. I shaved my face but now I have some black spots around my mouth.

I drove to Lili's office 40 minutes before the appointment. I was by the oxxo when I noticed I had forgotten the tupper with the potato salad for Catherine's house. I came back to pick it up. I stopped by the gas station and put some liters in. The dispatcher didn't gender me in any way. Not that I heard. I got at Liliana's ten, fifteen at most, minutes before the meeting.

Nobody was in, the office was closed. Five minutes passed and I saw the patient getting in the center and walking upstairs with a man by her side. She waved me and I waved back. When she got to where I was standing I told her that we would just wait for Lily to open the office. I extended my hand to her accompanying person and introduced myself. He mumbled something and I thought it was his name. She repeated my name to him "Sofia".

After a couple of minutes she asked me if we were waiting for Lily the psychologist. I replied that yes, we were. "She told me that she would not arrive today until 11."

I had sent Lily by then a text message asking her if she was nearby, but the message stayed unseen. This time I considered calling her again and waiting until an answer. This second time she did pick the phone up. "Sofi, I am on my way". She was not upset nor mad but she sounded serious. I had just told Catherine how I hate being in a position where people depend on me when I depend on other people. Hearing the voice in her answer, made me feel that everything was my fault. Not much after, she arrived.

I applied some tests to the patient and finished the session at the closing of the hour. The ISRA is still unanswered. That could be the next session, would the MMPI be answered later?

She talked more than other patients. The usual last question that gives me an answer of no more than two minutes brought a conversation of almost 10. There were lots of mentions of family and the past. She spoke of the time as something to be dealt with, something that wears you down.

I had told Catherine I could go to her house after the session and accompany her to do the things she has to do. But when I finished the session I went to where Lily was cleaning and from there I could not leave. First she told me to wait and read something she had written. At first I thought it was for some of her closest friends, then she got to the part of our job team. Were we that close to her? I felt both flattered and, something else. It wasn't awkwardness. Was it sadness? No... Later I realized we were mention at the closing. We were addressed separately but noted in her little speech.

I helped her to redact it and send it to people. Robertonni, the other psychologist arrived as well. She introduced us. "Have you met in the university?" I told Catherine how I despised that question and the looks that Robertonni gave me, inspecting me, comparing me to his memories. Did he see me? Wasn't I a man?

I went to Catherine's and stayed at her home for a while. I drove her to the bank but it was way too full. We walked to the pharmacy for her to buy her anti-baby pills. Returning to her home I told her I would be coming back to mine. It's true that I had to confirm that my mom would pick my grandma, but it had something to do as well with her aunt parked there. Does she know about me? Did she see me at her parents' wedding? Would Liam?

I ran. I didn't want to know, not today.

For now I guess I'll sleep an hour before getting ready and leaving.

### 2016-12-10

The day after tomorrow I'll have to give the report of the evaluation to my patient and, before that, meet and start the evaluation with the new patient. She, is her a she?, is the trans patient that Lili told me so long about. Am I nervous about her? Lili talked me about her and asked me if I was ready. And yet, all the other patients are the one that have been harder.

Yesterday I slept a nap after my mother left home with my grandma. I went to bed and put the alarm to wake up at 6:30. Catherine had told me she would be waking up by 6pm. She had to shower and get ready. Easily I'd do easily with 30 minutes more of sleep. When my mom left I put on my black tights and over them the black pajama pants. I stayed in the black tank that I wore under the hoodie.

I closed and opened my eyes. It was dark and I was disoriented. I postponed the alarm clock thinking I had just rested 10 minutes. I was so tired and the headache hadn't subsided. Slowly I came back to my senses and realized the time it was. "It wasn't such a good idea to sleep" Catherine replied telling me she hadn't sleep at all.

The time we would meet at Paola's was going to be around 8. By then, the idea of asking for a ride from my parents was out. I would have to ask for an uber to take me there. I put six bottles of beer to a sack and put the potato salad outside the fridge. I put on my dress and applied my make up. My hair was messy but not that much. It was acceptable. Not enough to make me shower.

Talking with Catherine I asked her if her parents would drive her, and if they would, would they pick me up. She didn't know. She could ask them, her mother specifically. If she declined, or said something, maybe she could just let her at my house and from there we could share an uber.

An hour passed, around 7, or some minutes before 8 she told me they were on their way to here. Miguel was asleep on the couch. I fed Nymeria around 8 and put a note on my door. I felt ill, tired and the headache was light but annoying. Catherine's mom and mine came almost at the same time. When I received her text message notifying their presence, I left to meet my mother parking the red SUV. I waved and walked with the bags and tupper. "At what time will you come back?" Is it dusk or dawn? Which one is the breaking day and which is its end?.

I got into the car and Catherine asked me to step down again. We put everything on its place and left. I was nauseous on the way to Paola's. We arrived and Paola was inside. Paola S was with her as well. We chatted for a while and Diego, Paola's son, came out.

We told them about the date of our departure. February second. It's closer than ever. Having the date is pressuring. I see pictures of people in their trips, Gabriela in the city with her boyfriend, Sara coming and going from there, Hilda on her occasional trips. Why am I so nervous? Andrea, Ariel, Ivan, Paloma, lots of people went to stay, just as me. They made it. They came back, they loved it.

I did so, too. I went to a different country, I travelled to another continent. I was a foreigner and I made it.

None of us were trans. None of us had an id with a different name and a picture significantly different than how we looked.

I'll do it. I'll make it. I have to.

Rafa, Andie's boyfriend called. Chevo and Jessica were on their way. We moved downstairs and dinned. All of us were so hungry. The food was so delicious. But it tired us. It brought us down. We smoked and drank. We talked and laughed. We exchanged gifts. I gave mine to Rafa. I received from Paola S. She gave me a beanie hat and a bottle of wine. Cathy received a pair of cute loafs and Jessica loved her sweater.

It was a fun night, but my headache did not leave. We were the last to leave. Even Paola went upstairs before Chevo and Jessica and Cathy and me.

We cleaned up and waited for the uber to pick us up. Chevica waited with us. I got home and fell asleep before Catherine got to hers. I invited Nymeria to my bed and sleep through the night. In the morning she was the one to throw up instead of me. A blue rubber band tied some of her leftovers from her stomach. I threw it to the thrash and cleaned the sheet. We slept again until three in the afternoon that we got up for good.

In the morning Luis came to my room and asked me if I was going to the United States. I didn't even think about it before I declined. I think they bought some of the Christmas gifts. Grandma went as well. It's just less than a month that my sentri is valid. Just until my 24th birthday.

### 2016-12-11

Again I almost forgot about doing the words. Just now I'm returning from an open Excel workshop where I'm editing the appearance of the spreadsheet to interpret the psych tests. The flyer of the course is still online and I am still receiving some likes. People are interested but they don't pay or ask for the inscription. I am thinking about setting up some sort of offer. It's the Holidays. I could offer 20% off until the end of this year. That is an incentive to actually pay. There is a benefit for doing it before a certain date. And once you have made a payment, you force yourself to actually attend.

Even now I am still nervous. I fear that the day will come and I will have to cancel it because nobody will attend.

Yesterday I thought about sending a message to my patient to postpone tomorrow's meeting. It's the final one where I am going to give her the results of her evaluations. Tomorrow I'll pick Luis up. Tomorrow is the day when my parents will meet the sexologist as well. Had I forgotten about it? Am I nervous because of that?

I didn't want to sit and actually work. I don't have the motivation to finish grading the projective tests and redacting the report. This time I won't be having Lili by my side. This is my personal patient, I can do and say whatever I want. The only person that will judge me is her.

Today I woke up early in the morning and not much later my dad arrived with breakfast. I took the pill case and noticed how there wasn't no pink round pill. The Diane pills ran out yesterday and not today as I had thought. I skipped them for today. The first months I skipped them for four days. One won't do nothing. In a couple of days I will have to go to the lab to get my blood drawn. A week, maybe.

I remember years ago when even the thought of having to go to a place to be injected gave me panic attacks. Now it's just another appointment, other thing that I have to do. December is running out faster than all the other months. We're almost at its middle.

I drank a bottle of beer as I finished writing the conclusion of the report. The warmth of the drink as time passes brings me back the memories of the small caÃ±as and their taste on the terrazas when we would go out with Raul and Alberto to the park or for some pinchos. Did I drink to forget? Forget what? By then nothing had happened. Nothing at all. Then it was just the fear of what was ahead. I didn't lose anyone, I didn't confront nobody nor show myself to anybody. Then I enjoyed it. No, sometimes I did, like those. Other I wanted to drink to oblivion. When I went to the last botellones, or in Portugal as I danced with Monica's ghost.

It was returning that I pretended to be alright, that I buried everything deep enough and sealed it with the effects of alcohol.

Do I want to avoid L's situation the same way? I've been talking with Rene about approaching him. I don't dare to.

There are gifts wrapped on the stools of the bar in the kitchen. Yesterday they went to the United States and bought them. I saw several clothes. There was a box of several bottles of nail polish. Was it for my mom? She doesn't have much. Maybe they bought it for me. Even now as I'm typing I have my nails as red as wine. Sometimes I forget. I remember months ago that I worried my hands would catch much attention because of it. Now they seemed totally normal.

I asked my dad to buy me some Diana and antidepressants pills. He bought them when we went for the food. Is it me symbolically asking him to erase the man he thinks I am? He buys me the medication that I use to block the testosterone.

I've finished the report.

Yesterday, or was it the day before that?, I started looking for and downloading the music I've been listening in Spotify. More than 100 files are now in my Downloads folder. Now there are just three unfinished files and 5 connections that never even started. Should I delete those or just let them?

I like having the songs on my ipod.

The book is still unread. I have progressed more than as I used to with the other one, but it's not enough.

### 2016-12-12

All but three files have been downloaded. There is just one who's still not achievable, the other two are just incomplete.

I woke up in the early morning and Nymeria climbed my bed to get under the covers. I felt her warm body next to mine. I slept for another hour. Right besides me is my mason jar filled with beer and clamato. I don't have a reason to drink, I just fancied the taste. It's weird typing the daily words without a back sound, be it the music of the computer, or the conversations of the tv show that somebody watches in the living room. Just Nymeria and me are on the first floor. My parents returned but they are on the Oxxo. They went to buy eggs and tortillas.

I can hear their voices on the porche. They've arrived. They are here. "Do you want to go out?, do you want to go outside?" My father tells the dog playfully. He likes her. He said he didn't want any dogs and yet he cares for her.

I fed the dog as we got out of bed and I looked for some food on the kitchen. There were no packages of food, neither on the table nor next to the stove. In the napkin there was a stale tortilla and behind it a cold burrito wrapped inside a ziploc bag. I ate it. I tell myself I eat breakfast because of the pills, but really I am hungry. Do I deny my emotions as I do my wants and feelings?

We went back to bed to make use of the short time before I had to get ready to meet my new patient. I let her climb to my side and we both fell quickly to sleep. I showered and shaved.

I had mentioned to Catherine the weirdness of seeing my genitals. I described how in my morning routine, even before getting ready, even looking just as I get out of bed with my messy hair and puffy eyes, I look into the mirror and like what I see. I brush my teeth and find pleasing the image of the girl brushing, of the face behind the dry and frizzed curls. I take of my clothes and see the beginnings of curves, the subtle breasts that hang from my chest, the broadness of my thighs getting slimmer as approaching my feet. It's not until I take off my underwear that I see it, that I remember how I was born, how I should look or act or be.

This morning was different. I saw all of the barely noticeable traits of masculinity that are left, and every step of the way I kept thinking of what I didn't realize until seeing my genitals.

I met the patient. Were they a trans woman or man? I had assumed them to be a woman, Lili kept referring to them as feminine, the contact she passed me said Lucy. When she introduced us, they said that name themselves. I asked the question that some wouldn't had dared. "So, you are trans...". Even after some answers and half of the interview I kept thinking of him as a trans woman. It wasn't until he mentioned seeing himself and Lucas and liking that name, that I realized my mistake.

Some things should had touch some nerves in me. There were several parallels in his story to mine. The ages, the episodes, even some words. Everything went fine. I asked him, how he felt, how was it, the interview, me, everything. "Fine, good. I was really excited. I've never met somebody like me before."

Was I so noticeable? Is it that obvious? I felt the question grow in my throat but I grasped it. "So Lili told you since before", he just nodded and continued. We agreed on the price but he apologized for not having the money.

I came home. I felt energetic, motivated. I liked it, talking to someone like me, feeling experienced and helpful, even though I did nothing but listen and ask questions.

The Last man on earth was on the Tv when Miguel sent a message. He was asking if I were busy or if it was possible for me to pick him up. Even now, after months, I still feel weird when I read him use the feminine pronouns.

When we returned my mom was home. She said how she saw my aunt, my dad's sister. Maybe it was the picture of their anniversary or the change of appearance of my dad but my aunt asked a question that made my mother say how things have been difficult. They talked about how none of his siblings has reached out to him. It's hard for him. I had suspected it, known it, yet it was reassured when my mom told me how after asking him if he wanted to share a cake with them or visit, he said no. He didn't want to see them.

I went for Luis and entered his school. There was the principal and he recognized me. We stopped at the pharmacy before the office. I introduced him to Lili before my patient arrived. I delivered results and got paid. My parents didn't return until an hour after us.

Even now, I've been thinking about going out and asking my mom how it was, how their session went.

Is it that I don't want to, or that I don't dare to?

My grandma has come downstairs and sat with her. They're whispering. Is it that?

### 2016-12-13

Even after years, I never finished passing the journal I kept on my phone to the notebook. I think the last days I have are from my trip to Portugal. When I used to write manually the journal of when I was in high school, and meeting Monica, every time I would get caught up un the mood I had writing the text. Passing the scripts caused me numerous arguments and fights with my ex.

I am trying to fill the agenda that I bought on my birthday. Was it my birthday? It was in Playas, the Office depot next to the movies. The last day I have in there is from the mid of September. I have some batches ahead, but that's from where I should continue. I've closed the agenda now. Catherine and I are talking about tomorrow. Jhonny will have a concert or festival or something. We agree to go. This time I do want to go. The last time I wanted to. I can't remember why I cancelled it just one or two days before. I thought about returning from my therapy session to her house and be with her. I propose her that I could left my car in there until we return from Jhonny's and then I could go back home. Or she could pick me up. She said no, it's not possible. She has to come early to her home and I can't leave the car because they have to move it to put the truck in.

Moments now she asked me in which hotel we stayed when we went to Universal Studios. My parents just left to go to the bank.

I get this weird feeling when she mentions the park. We talked about going, the three of us. We talked about it since when I went with my family in April when she had her surgery. My ticket expires in a couple of days. We never really concreted the plans. Some weeks ago Anahi invited her to go the ninth. She felt bad that she could not go that day either because it was the day we all agree to meet for the Christmas party of the gang.

Catherine had told me she wanted to go with me and or her family, but going with Anahi felt weirdly uncomfortable. A couple of days ago she talked about buying the yearly pass when she goes with her family. I felt sad and disappointed. Why should she buy it if we're going to go to the capital in just two months?

Right, she returns.

I had the idea that I'd be going to the endocrinologist December the nineteenth. Chatting with Catherine I wondered what day could I stop by the lab to get my blood drawn. I could go Thursday or Friday, so I wouldn't go the weekend or have a problem with the results not being on time by the session.

I grabbed the order of the lab for something, and then mistakenly opened the prescription where the date of the appointment is written. It's noth the 19th but the 16th. It's not next Monday, but this Friday. Today is Tuesday. The tests are almost always the same day. But, what if they're late? I have to go tomorrow to the lab.

Moments before Rene called to postpone the session. Instead of going out at noon I will have to leave earlier than usual. I'll have to wake up in the early morning, like by 6 and get ready so I leave just after feeding the dog. What should I wear? What can I wear to Jhonny's? I thought about wearing a dress. Maybe the gray one with the long sleeves. Won't it be hard to free my arm for the needle? I won't make the same mistake of the first time that I went with androgynous clothes. I don't even want to see doubts in their eyes that I am a woman.

Thursday I'll see Rene and I can talk about my parents' session, or that the date is set for Luis to go. I can mention me taking them with me to the office or the misunderstanding of the dates of the appointment. It's just a little more than a week until Christmas. This Friday I'll meet the doctor and will have to tell him about my move. Will he recommend me to someone else? Will he ask me to return to meet him?

Why am I nervous?

The year is ending. Time is faster than ever.


### 2016-12-15

I cheated again in the words. Yesterday I was at the bar, sitting besides Catherine when I grabbed the phone from my purse and copy/pasted the word "cheat" while Jhonny was singing. Or was he still backstage and we were waiting?

I woke up early, earlier than usual, and showered. This time I applied make up. I wore a dress and boots. It's weird, when I catch myself in the moment living the experience of wearing tights and a dress, the flow-y cloth over my legs. I drove to the lab and got in. I would never believe the calmed I could be waiting to be called for my blood to get drawn. I even pay them. I walked towards the cashier and answered her questions. It felt amazing seeing how she wrote "female" on the gender box. I look female, I am a woman.

I don't really remember too well what I did yesterday. I have the agenda next to me, I filled today and yesterday. Then I could not remember and thought I needed this, now I feel the other way around. I was back home and ate breakfast. I would go out with Catherine, but not until later in the afternoon. I went to her house and picked her up. We made a stop at the exchange house and swapped seats. We decided to eat japanese food, Teriyaki and Yakimeshi.

I got distracted. I was on Facebook looking for Johana. Is that her name or was she called joanna? No, one was Monica's friend. The one I am thinking of had short hair, shorter than hair. She was tall and slimmer. She wore jeans every time she could, when the weather made the principal's office permit women to wear jeans like the men. Sometimes she would even look weird in her skirt. She wasn't really mocked or bullied, but people call her "the guy" behind her back. Usually people I disliked myself, sometimes people like Roger who called her group of friends the X-men, because of being geeky.

After seeing my patient I thought of her. Is she really a she? Her best friend, or the closest one I saw her with called her Johan. I never really related it or wondered if she were trans. Even after my own transition, I didn't really thought of her until Lucas explained to me that even though he hasn't asked his friends to use that name, his best male friend calls him Luke.

After eating we stopped in the River Plaza where we went to the movies. Christmas Party, was the movie we saw. It was nice, a nice time. Straight from there Cathy drove us to the bar where Jhonny would sing. I ordered a beer and she a drink with Clamato. Jhonny songs made me cry a little. I wanted to hug Catherine and feel her close to me. In my way back home after letting her at her house, I was stopped by the police checking for drunk drivers. I lowered the window when the car ahead of me was leaving. The officer didn't wave me off. He approached me and sniffed, "Did you drink alcohol tonight?" "No", I lied. There were just two bottles, but I know that's enough to tip me off. I wasn't drunk, I was driving just fine. "Where are you coming from? ...The Christmas party?" I giggled and replied no. Maybe it was because of the clothes I was wearing. "School?" Do I look that young? Well, people way older than me were with me at the university. I told him the truth, but he didn't hear me. He got closer. "I come from seeing a friend sing", I said making a microphone with my hands, mimicking jhonny's show. He let me go.

I went straight to bed.

No, I checked the results. I told Catherine how I felt uneasy about it. I was nervous, but not really sure about what. I opened them and saw there were not much over the limits. At first it was just uric acid, but then I saw the usual outliers. Cholesterol, Sugar levels. The last one was the most disconcerting. Testosterone. Last time I checked it lied at 0.28. Now it was 1.02. Almost twice the upper limit for a woman.

I felt sick, sick inside. I told Rene how it was like having this unwanted substance inside my body and I can't do anything about it.

Today I didn't wake as early, but it was still tiring. I went back to bed after the morning food and shit. I showered and got ready. I neither shaved nor wore make up. I even tried a male long sleeved t-shirt at first. But it was way too manly. I wore instead a pink t-shirt and over it a red hoodie. I felt fine until I looked at myself in the mirror after exiting my session. I saw the black hairs on my chin and upper lip.

The girl of the Oxxo recognized me again. I paid the bottle of soda and she told me how it was a miracle and how I've been doin'.

I stopped on the supermarket to buy the dog's food.

Today in the evening I hear the doorbell and thought it was my father. I opened the door and Nymeria walked out. It wasn't them but a courier. He asked for Jose Ivan Fernandez. Was he looking for him or was he confirming? Anyway I just nodded and he gave me a little machine to sign while I had the dog on my arms. In the envelope came my card. I activated it on the internet. I'm supposed to call on the phone but I'm not really sure I want to.

Tomorrow I'll se both the endo and then my patient.

I am scared and nervous. Will I explain my plans to him?

### 2016-12-16

I'm lying on my bed under the covers. I have already changed clothes into my black and cozier pajamas. The lights are off and Nymeria is asleep on her bed out in the living room. I'm tired and sleepy.

I'm writing the words in my phone incase I fall asleep and don't want to get up to do them. I worried about the level of my hormones and the results of my blood tests.

I woke up at the hour I was supposed to. I can't remember if it was before or because of the alarm clock. I showered and wore the clothes I chose yesterday. I would see Catherine in the afternoon. This time I decided to wear makeup. I wanted to look nice and feminine for the endocrinologist. I wanted him to notice the changes.

I looked fine, I like how I look, how I feel with myself.

I had all ready for both my appointment with the doctor and my patient. I left with everything and got into the car hiding under the rain.

I turned it on and when the little lights flashed I remember the times it cried with a buzzing alarm telling me there was a problem with the radiator or the water.

I returned to the house for a big glass of water to fill the car with. I unless dispensed it to its valve and got into it again.

I was just talking with Catherine telling her that I should be leaving in case there were traffic on my way there because of the rain. I was leaving the private drive and just turned to up the hill when the levels of both the speed and the revolutions died and fell to 0. instinctively I moved to the side and tried to turn it on again with no avail. I tried one more time with the same result. Two, three times as if suddenly it would get back to normal and everything would turn alright.

I had half an hour until the appointment. I called my dad and explained everything to him. He sounded a little shock but I didn't realized what he could had heard when he answered the phone and the first thing I said was "the car just died"

He said he'd be coming in 15 minutes.

I sent him a message telling him that I would not be arriving to my appointment with the doctor. In the phone call he asked me if I wanted to take an uber. I told him that u couldn't let the car in the middle of the road.

He arrived 5 minutes before my appointment. He tried to pass charge from his battery to mine wit jumper cables. It was useless. We moved the car to the side, first he did using the gravity and its weight from the uphill. He got halfway just from that. Next we pushed it into a U turn, when I got in and he pushed me with his pick up. We made it to the parking lot. He gave me a ride to the hospital and I signed in and got into the office. The secretary recognized me and told me, "you are very late, Sofia" I apologized and tried to explain that my car just died. "it's fine, take a seat"

The doctor passed me fifteen minutes later. How I've been, how I've been feeling, how's everything.

He weighted me and made notice of my gained weight. He took my heart pressure and my sugar levels, when he put the heart monitor on my chest he noticed my cleavage and moved the blouse to peek. He said the development was going very well, there was good volume.

The tests came ok, my blood is normal. He upped my dosage, I won't be resting the hormones anymore and I'll take double the spiro.

I left and paid. The uber I took to my office asked me if I was new using the app. Almost nobody has 5 stars, just the new users. I answer instinctively that I was not, and then thought about it. I've taken several trips, here, when we return from parties, all of the going outs in mexicali, those times that I had no car.

My patient waited for me fifteen minutes and we waited for lili another quarter.

I thought I could wait for Catherine to see her patient and then let her took me home. The patient cancelled and I called my mom to pick me up. After sending her a map and then guiding her over a phone call she arrived. We talked a little about their session. It was the first time that my father called me Sofia.

She told me why was she upset that Luis hadn't told her themselves, "I asked him, he said 'because I didn't want you to think I was a cheap copy of Sofia"

### 2016-12-17

Today will mark the 50 continues day again. Though, do I really deserve to be proud about that accomplishment? I cheated a couple of nights ago. Last times I considered doing double the words the next day to compensate, maybe that would be fair and enough. This time I didn't. I continued writing but stopped halfway. Yesterday was it that I did the words in my bed under the sheets with the intention of not having to get up later and being able to fall asleep right there and then.

Was then the day after the night that I went with Catherine to see Jhonny?

I'm eating hot bread with two slices of bologna in the middle. I keep thinking about the meeting with the endocrinologist and how I am overweight. I gained 5 kilos. I do have been eating more than usual. Is it the anxiety? All my life eating has been a way of resting, having an excuse for a break and free time. While I am eating, that is something I must do, I don't have the guilt of being procrastinating. Some times in my past I don't doubt I use it as a way of filling a void that I fell inside.

"Has it happened to you that you dream something and don't remember it later?" asked my grandma to Miguel in the morning. "All of the time".

I dreamed something today. It was a continuation of another old dream. I lived it and thought that it would be an amazing story. Something about returning to a different timeframe. I don't remember much of the details. There was a villain that had a big corporation of food, that used corpses as a main source. In another scene, I was part of the crew directing a movie or a tv show. I wasn't the director. The protagonist resembled one of the characters in the kid's show that I sometimes watch. She wasn't a gem projecting a humanoid form like in the cartoon. She just share the basics of her image. But there was something different. In the show she had a dark red wig of long and braided hair. I noticed her when she didn't wear it how her hair was straight and short, just brushing the edges of her face. It was framed by the black locks, and her freckles on her pale and snowy skin. I stopped the run of the scene and told her to take of her wig. She just had shared a moment with her significant other. Was I jealous? Would I had wanted to be hers?

I don't remember much more.

I got out of bed at seven o'clock. I fed the dog and let her outside. We returned to bed. In the middle of the night, just past midnight, I heard the sound of the door and a car leaving. My father didn't return until nine with breakfast. The idea of going to the United States was discarded. I don't mind. I can't imagine how it must be not sleeping a whole night at my father's age. Even now, at my own youth, I find it so hard to stay awake. I slept after breakfast for another three hours.

We didn't do anything. My father went to buy meat and we ate all at the table at the same time. A family dinner. I went upstairs to my mother's bedroom and both Luis and Miguel later got in, as well. My mother told me, my father had asked her what could they give me for Christmas. She asked me if I wanted a gift or would I prefer having some money deposited to my card in case of emergency or anything. I would not find a job soon. I don't even know if I would even look for one. I think of that and I get nervous and anxious. I will be alone. I don't know where I will live. I maybe should contact the agency that offers stay for LGBT people. I might have to start looking and browsing the roommates page of rents. Maybe after new year, a month before my departure.

Time keeps running as fast as ever. I should be starting to redact the letter of motives and polishing my resume to upload all of the papers. It's the master of science that I have until the first week of january to upload them. The other one I won't have to until I pass the test.

"How are you?" is just asking me Catherine now.

"Fine", I think, but that's a lie.

I'm nervous, and a little scared


### 2016-12-18

I bought a set of pajama pants red of Gryffindor. When I saw them I immediately thought of Catherine. We haven't chatted much today.

I woke up a little after seven. The cold was sharp and piercing. Like an ice prick that penetrates the clothes. We returned to bed and slept for another while. My father showered and came down. There was no breakfast. The plan since yesterday was that we would take DoÃ±a Cande to the bus station and from there we would cross the border to the United States.

I showered before my mother. I went upstairs and my father was changing clothes. I wore the pants that look like jeans, over them, the gray loose hoodie. I didn't bother to wear any make up. I reheated the biscuit from yesterday and ate it with my pills. I should separate the ones for next week. There is no need of resting anymore. I have to find another way to count the months. Just December, January and then the next month will be in another city. Will I have my anniversary of hormones in the capital, too?

We were in the US when my father asked some questions about the tests. Was he really interested? Did he have an ulterior motive? "When do you have the first exam? From which master program is it? And when is the second? Which one is the one you want the most?"

I can't stop thinking about two days ago when my mother told me that my dad called me Sofia for the first time.

Miguel called me Sofi when he tried to catch my attention. My father questions were in Hot Topic, and it was getting out of there that they walked towards Macy's.

Chula vista plaza was not the first place we went to.

Even though I am narrating today's itinerary I keep thinking about changing the appointments with my patients. I won't probably be able to see L this Friday because Lili said she would work until Thursday. And then, Monday that I am supposed to see L, I will be in Mexicali. Tomorrow I'll send Lili a message asking her about Friday. I will send two to my patients. I think about offering them to see them another day or just postponing them until next week.

Crossing the border we went to 5 guys. The last time we went there was almost two years ago, when Miguel was in Comic-con. My mother remembers that place as the one where they have peanuts and you can grab as many as you like. It's weird being in Hillcrest around my family.

We didn't take Cande to the station. We reconsidered taking her after returning so she could stay with Nymeria. And now that we've returned, she says that she'll go tomorrow.

Tomorrow my mom will take L to their appointment with the sexologist. I am more nervous than they are. We played two games of chess in their room. The first one they won and the second one, too. I am not as bad as I think, but they're way better than I would had thought. Before that I was in the restroom. I had seen a post in Facebook of a T-man who posted a picture of him before and after transition, he invited everyone else to share theirs, too, in the comments. I had seen the post when it didn't have any comments. I considered posting mine. I don't have earlier pictures than this year's. I had an idea. I have myself added in Facebook, I could snoop in there the older pictures from when my hair was shorter. I knew well that I won't be posting anything but it was more for myself than anything.

In Macy's, my mother caught up with us. She invited me to go see the women's section with her. It still feels a little strange buying clothes with her. I found several things. She did as well. When we finally return after she showed me a cardigan she had liked for me, she told me how Luis picked trousers just like my dad's. "That's what confuses me so much". I mentioned how it was similar with me, my clothes in high school, but she didn't seem to hear.

I took a picture of me while I waited for Nymeria to shit. I should clean her feces that are just outside the door. Done. I have changed. I look different, nice.

My father gave me the money of the week. Maybe I'll get the extra one from the sessions, if I don't postpone them.

### 2016-12-19

Today is the day of the first session of Luis. I don't know what happened in there, I don't know what was said or what new has developed. What happened besides that today?

I have red marks of the scratches of both teeth and nails of the dog. She's so caring and affective and yet at the same time so full of emotion and childish anger. Was it last night or the one before when she climbed the bed and yet some time after returned to her own? Did I feel abandoned?

Catherine told me today how she's planning of going to the doctor tomorrow. She doesn't feel very well. She's been experiencing nausea and a ringing in her ear. Now as I type this I wonder if going to the kitchen for something to drink is a good idea. I think I'm beginning to feel a soreness in my throat. I'm getting the hang of rating the songs. I'm almost finished with this album. The School. The song that was the reason I downloaded this band is the last one. I deleted the other album I had gotten.

I slept again after taking the dog outside. I ate my breakfast and took my pills later in the morning. It's weird not being lonelier in the house. Almost everyone was here. My mom, my grandma and Luis. They had talked about taking my grandma to Mexicali today instead of yesterday. The wind ran furious and piercing. It was like an ice dagger that passed through clothes and bones. I guess that is why they decided to try something else. My mom sent a copy of the prescription to my uncle. He could try to exchange it in the hospital there. It didn't work. Tomorrow they will try going to a clinic here.

I sent the messages and arranged the appointments. I sent a message to L, my male patient, that I would not be able to see him this monday and if it would be possible to arrange another appointment this week. He said it was no problem, could it be Friday?

There was a problem, I didn't know yet if Lili would work that day. I was thinking about setting him and asking my other patient if I could see her Thursday, too. Maybe if I put her to 10 and him to 11, I wouldn't interfere with Iris at noon. Lili answered the message back telling me it was no problem and she could open the office for me in the morning. So it was all set and done. It was even a little hard to believe it myself. And then the patient sent the question. Would it be possible if we could lower the price to 250?

He wouldn't be the first one to pay me that much. Why was it so hard for me to accept? I had thought about cashing the 300 pesos from him. They would be all for me. And yet it was done, and I could not accept it. I told him that 300 was the lowest I could go, and asked him again if he had problems getting that amount. He said he had, but it was no problem. It was done, I wouldn't be losing it, and yet... why did I feel defeated?

It's almost Christmas. The day after tomorrow I will be turning eight months on hormones. The days I have left until the deadline for uploading the documents are fewer and fewer. I haven't even started to think about what I'm going to write in my motive's letter. What motives do I even have?

Thinking about writing in the masculine and signing it with my name feels so wrong and difficult. Yesterday in the United States my mom showed me several formal pants in the women's section. I saw them but not considered buying them. Does she know I have to wear them for my interview? Maybe I can set it up to being online, that way they would only be chatting and seeing me from my chest up. Will be breasts be bigger? Enough to be unnoticeable?
It depends on everything, what happens in the capital, how the getting into and out of the test goes. It's just all too much.

I told 11 I would be going the day of their birthday. I had mentioned yesterday, but they thought I was joking.

Will they, all of them, really miss me? Who will miss whom the most?

### 2016-12-20

Catherine came and went. Yesterday we agreed of meeting today, we could do something cheap without paying anything. She came with the idea of coming home, but rectified herself saying she knows how I am not really comfortable staying home. It was yesterday in fact that I passed several weeks to the agenda, just that same week or couple of days of cancelled meetings and gatherings and postponed plans and void days. It was like a confirmation of that reaffirmed memories. I don't feel the same way. I told her it was fine. Today after showering I told Luis about moving the wii downstairs, maybe we could all play together.

It was a fun day, Luis was more talkative and open. All of us had fun. She brought a jicama and we chopped the fruit to mix it with the chips and the clam juice. We mixed the juice and some sauces with the beer. I just now remembered that I left half of a bottle in the fridge, could I grab it and drink it? Alcohol is not good for losing weight. I've been eating less these last few days. I put on one of the sweaters my mother bought me in Macy's. I wore it today with the red leggings. Catherine told me, as soon as she saw me, that I looked weird, different. Later in the day when I told my mother we would go out she asked me if I was going to leave "like that".

I got really distracted. I am just returning from playing with Luis and opening the chat with Cathy. Luis was just here talking and laughing, I had to kick them out so I could continue with my words. Tomorrow we might go to Costco according to my mom. I had thought how I didn't really want to get ready and go out.

I keep forgetting and thinking that tomorrow is when I'll see Rene. It's not. I won't see him until Thursday. My car is still in the mechanic. Tomorrow then we will probably go to the Costco to buy my grandma her medicines and probably use the opportunity to refill mine. Thursday I will go to Rene, I don't know if I'll ask my mom to give me a ride or lend me her car. This Friday I'll see my patients and go out with Catherine somewhere to eat and exchange gifts.

I keep drifting away, when it's not the music and the recently downloaded songs, it's looking for something on the internet, or, like days before, scrolling through the pictures un the albums inside of my computer.

Again I drifted and started playing the songs I already know or recognize and use the little tool that gathers the lyrics from the web and shows me which are the most popular songs of that artists. From there I pick the ones I have and listen to them for the first time. I see the blank stars as something to fill, a to-do, a task that's still undone and waiting.

I wish to just get up and change clothes. I want to wear my pajamas and lie on the bed. Nymeria is finally asleep on hers.

Catherine got here around two, after I had played twice or three times chess with Luis, one of them was with the clock he likes so much to use. Then I asked him to play checkers and won most of the sets. We played videogames and ate. She told me herself how Luis seemed more open. The afternoon past quickly. It was then that we went to the burger place of Hollywood looks. Both me and Catherine entered first and one of the cooks or waiters said "Welcome, girls". It was reassuring and calming. We didn't find a parking spot in front of the joins so Catherine kept driving another block and left the car there. I used the vanity mirror and looked at myself worried of how I looked. I am wearing feminine clothes, a girly sweater over red jeggings. But I am not wearing any make up and my shaving wasn't spotless.

Four days until Christmas. Tomorrow is twenty-first, Thursday and Friday and we'll go to Mexicali. "What are you going to wear?", asked me my mom. My brothers and father are going to wear pants and a shirt. What am I going to wear indeed? I thought about wearing the red blouse she bought me, and then again I could wear the gray dress. Maybe I'll wear one this Saturday and the other the Sunday.

I still have to decide what am I going to wear to see both of my patients and Catherine. I should try to look pretty for her. Looking pretty, when would I ever imagine that I would be worrying about that, or even enunciating those words?

### 2016-12-21

This was supposed to be an unworthy day where nothing would happen and I'd do nothing. I wore for the firs time the artesanal sweater Catherine's parents brought me from their holidays in Zacatecas. As soon as I put it on I realized it wasn't such a good idea. The weather for today wasn't as windy nor cold as the past few days. Before that, a little after eating the three tacos my grandma had prepared me, I was still in pajamas when my mother said that Miguel had just sent her a message asking if she could go pick him up. My father said something yesterday about leaving the pick up and taking with him the Mitsubishi as the brake plates were squeaking and really worn down.

I guess she forgot about it because it was a surprise to her that she would be driving the pick up. She asked me to take it. She accompanied me to show me the way. We left the house both in our sleeping garments. "I think I'm not even wearing a bra, she said to me" "Well, me neither", I thought about saying, but decided not to.

We returned and I went to shower. She would enter to the bathroom after me. We planned since yesterday about going to the Costco to buy the pills and medicine they didn't want to give my grandma in the hospital. It was then that I sat and played with Luis after wearing my new hoodie, or is it a parka?, I noticed how every time that they won me they were using the white chips. I swapped them and again won.

We played chess but they won the two times. After a couple of days ago that I watched the second movie of Star wars, that one that I have tried several times to finish but never got to, I remember the chess game that I had in the computer that used the characters as the pieces. It's fun playing with them. More than the challenge of knowing the most probable outcome is my loss or the thrill of actually believing I can really win that time, it's something else entirely. Even remembering of that old game of my past, a little part of me wishes to look for it on the internet and find myself a copy.

There is another memory of that movie. I was sitting in M's house, in the old room of her brother, we were sharing the couch and film was playing on the screen. Was it the computer or a dvd? Was it a blu ray? How many minutes actually past before we ignored it entirely? Does she think sometimes of those memories? What feelings would accompany them? What feelings do I experience thinking about that time myself?

Before going to Costco, My mother was upstairs with my grandma talking about something. Were they arguing? As I entered my mother said to me with the intention of introducing me to the subject of their conversation and with a face trying to share the absurdity of it: "She says the only medicine missing is the antidepressants and she won't take them". My grandma said that it wasn't that entirely but that she had some in her home and she would wait until arriving there. I told my mom to go to the Costco and buy everything. The pills didn't cost more than 20 pesos each box.

We left but she told me that first we must stop at the bank. I drove there and got down with her. Luis stayed in the car. At first I sat in the couch of the waiting area as my mother approached the window when the upper screen showed her number. A couple of minutes I noticed that they were still talking and then another person approached her. She told me to go with her and we passed with the manager. Supposedly she was going to open a savings account or something like that. Did he say something to imply my gender? My mother called me Sofia with him and there was no answer on his part. It wasn't until we moved to the other teller, that she welcomed me with a "miss".

When everything concluded then an hour later, she said bye with the same calling. In Costco we bought several things and the medicines for both my grandma and me. The car was ready and I drove the pick up to the mechanic where my father was waiting. Tomorrow I'll talk with Rene.

There are some videos right now about a trans woman who's been arrested and is being processed as a man.

Why am I watching this?



### 2016-12-22

I left today for my session with Rene. I know I had several dreams. Again they had something to do with school, with a class. Was I wearing a skirt in them? I remember the sensation of having to seat and be careful of the opening of my legs. It's so bizarre having experiences of what I should had experience as a child in my dreams. I recall as well, the image of myself having my hair tied in a high ponytail with a red colored hairband.

I woke up early at six, but didn't move. I let Nymeria get comfortable again over my legs and both of us returned to sleep. I had the alarm clock set for a quarter after seven. I fed her and let her do her business inside. At first I guided her outside but noticed that the floor was soaking wet, she just peed and I urged her to return. I ate a hot dog and swallowed my pills with a glass of tea.

The next alarm was set to a quarter before ten. I moved it around and ended up not using it. Were my mom and grandma up when I got out of bed? I think so. What did I wore today? I was planning to wear my Salamanca hoodie. I went to shower and wore the jeans-looking-leggings and an Ivan's undershirt. I barely shaved my face with my razor machine and came downstairs. My mother whistled at me as I entered my room. "Those legs" I heard her comment to my grandma. "I remember when she had those skinny little legs...". I went into my bedroom and tried to comb my hair with my fingers and put mousse.

I took the sweatshirt and put it on. I didn't like it. I looked weird and huge. The sleeves were short and the sweatshirt itself barely reached the waist of my trousers. I looked like a grown up wearing a garment from their childhood. It was fitting the thought of my trying to put on something symbolically from a past era of my life. I took it off after just a glance at the mirror and decided to wear the purple sweater. I didn't realize it until later, but everythin over my waist but the bra was masculine. Even my shoes were something I wore when I presented as Ivan. The only thing feminine in my attire were my underwear and the fitting trousers. I didn't even wore make up.

My mother was supposed to go out and meet with my godmother and Luis had plans too with his friends of going to the movies and seeing the Star Wars flick. Neither of them even took off their pajamas.

I left the house a couple of minutes after eleven. I stopped by the gas station. The dispatcher received me and served me. He didn't use any gendered words, except saying "servido" when all was set and done. Months ago, the first time that I heard that word Catherine killed my excitement when I told her I had been said that word but in feminine. "They always say it like that, they mean the gasoline is served".

I parked in the parking lot in front of Rene's office to avoid walking in the rain. I got into his floor and rang the bell. One of his patients came out with him some minutes later after I rediscovered the chess game in my phone. The session went normally. I guess I seemed happier and more energetic than other times. At least that was how I perceived myself. I returned to my car and paid the fare. The guy who was attending the booth wished me a good day and ended with a seÃ±o... I couldn't hear the rest. Was it a sir? A Misses? Did he stop himself?

It was then that I took notice of my appearance and clothes. I had no right to be upset. It was a direct consequence of my actions. Yesterday I turned 8 months on hormones. Two thirds of a year. Time is running so fast that it's disorienting.

I stop at Galerias plaza and entered Wal-mart. I bought two pairs of tights, two packets of dog treats and a nail clipper for the dog. That same clipper I had avoided before was the one that I miss-use and caused Nymeria's paw to soak in blood. I rushed her to the vet and paid the consult.

L sent me a message asking about tomorrow's session saying Lili had told her that she would not go anymore except the first days of next week. It ruined all of the plans I had set with her and my other patient. I tried to organize that situation at the same time that Nymeria bit off her bandages and I wrestled with her and struggle to take of the tape pasted to her hairy leg.

Tomorrow I'll see both of them and then, later in the afternoon I'll see Catherine. I'll give her MuÃ±eca's clothes and her gift. She has one for me. I had actually forgotten about that.

I love the feeling of being more excited about seeing her than knowing what she got for me.

### 2016-12-23

I already had around a hundred words in this fucking page. Just now, after returning from the tab of Facebook where Anahi is spamming my Timeline the window was not framed correctly. I refreshed the site and my whole progress just deleted. To think that just some time ago I was seeing the posts in Catherine's page and felt jealousy of them.

I closed the tab. Nymeria just farted and a fetid smell of shit knocked my face. A couple of minutes ago, maybe an hour, there were skid-marks on the floor and a similar smell became noticeable. A small piece of feces got caught in one of the chair's wheels and it was spread all around the floor.

In the last page before the refresh I was just narrating the dream Catherine had about both me and my ex. She had come to me for a talk, was she trying to make amends? I don't know. She asked or offered a hug after looking at Catherine in some sort of permission asking. "Meh, whatever", was the signal Catherine showed back. I put my arms around her neck. "No, not like that", she corrected me. "Is she being serious?", both Catherine and Anahi, who were standing nearby giving us some space and privacy, looked at each other in disbelief.

The dream ended some time around there. "Did I already look like a girl?", was the first question that came to my mind. Monica and I, while in our relationship, argued and separated countless of times. It didn't matter the reason or cause, after an e-mail or a call, we always made amends. It was a common issue with us that she was not able of ever putting boundaries. Wether it was with her last ex Rodrigo who kept threatening her with suicide, or Benny and the gang of lovers who kept asking her out on dates or almost harassing her, or her current boyfriend who, by then, was actually harassing her and following her around. They were all deleted once and then re-added again. They always came back. Even her first boyfriend who supposedly betrayed her friendship and saw another girl behind her back, he was the contact whom she asked me to give her stuff with.

Ivan is gone. He'll stay gone. Is it really even imaginable that Monica would care about me?

I saw both of my patients this morning. Lo sent me a text saying there was a problem with a tire of her car and she would be late to the session. I answered back there would be no problem. She came just 10 minutes after the set time. She didn't end the test until half an hour into the session of my next patient.

He brought the money, but just half of the part from last week.

I stopped by the tortilla shop to buy the stuff my mother asked me for on my way back. Then she sent me again for the stuff she didn't know was missing.

Catherine picked me up in the afternoon. We went to eat pizza at Playas and then saw the Star Wars movie.

My mom told me before leaving how my grandpa had called and said he wanted to meet us and say hi tomorrow, in the early morning by the airport. At first, I thought and went straight to the obvious question, but said nothing. She said it in a way of asking what I thought, as if it was just a possibility.

When I returned she mentioned it again as a matter of fact. I asked the question, to confirm what I worried.

"Does Carlos know about me?"

"No", I let the emotion show in my face. "When? At what time?", she said excusing herself. It's not her duty to tell anyone. I don't have contact with him. She is his daughter. Is he my grandfather, though? I can't even remember the last time I saw him. What's the point in showing myself and explaining to someone whom I won't see for another several years?

I had the feeling that somehow it was all my fault. It is my duty to tell the people. "It's not something to be said by the phone", my mom said. It's not something to explain at the airport, either. No matter how much I think about it. There is nothing I could had done.

In Playas I mentioned the elephant in my and Catherine's room. She whine about her job and I told her how she is still there because she wants to. She has the opportunity to leave but doesn't want to. She can come with me to the capital and do something she likes, but she prefers to stay here. She repeated herself. And the emotion came back. I think I ruined my night right then and there.

I resent her for having a high paying job, I resent her for being normal and not having to deal with the things I do. I resent her for not helping me when I need her.

Those are stupid reasons and not valid, how can I say them out loud, how can I tell her?

They are irrational, but they are.

### 2016-12-26

I'm home again after the Christmas holidays. It's been three long days. The first one, two nights ago, before we even left. My mother woke me up around 6 in the morning opening the door of my room to tell me that Carlos had arrived earlier, he was already at the airport. "Do you want to go?" "No, not really". I told her truthfully. I'm not sure if it's regret what I'm feeling. It'd would be nice seeing a reaction, something. I don't think I want to tell him myself, though. They returned one or two hours later. Nymeria didn't want to eat. The food was still in her plate.

We got ready and made the baggage. We left around noon. There were gifts in the bag that lies on the roof of the car and the trunk was filled completely. We were in the 5&10 lane when Miguel told my mom how they had forgotten about the cakes. My father asked if we wanted to return.

Who was it? I think it was my mom who mentioned how my godmother had sent her a text message telling her that the Rumorosa was closed because of the snow.

I got distracted again seeing the pictures. It was from the beginning of my transition, the first appointment with the endocrinologist. I left around my trip to Guadalajara with my parents. No, the first picture I saw today was in the Universal Studios. Catherine will finally go there with her family in a couple of days. The 28th or 29th is supposed to be the get-around of the office. Catherine will be in Hollywood by then.

I got the flight ready for my departure in a just a little days more than a month. I have, have to scan and upload the documents and continue with the studying. I can't let more days go by. Tomorrow I'll work on the evaluations and scan the documents. I can't let more time pass...

We returned home to pick up the forgotten cakes. I remembered about Nymeria's certificate of vaccines in case we were to cross the border. As we, my mom and I, were to go out again, I saw the pill organizer in the table. I had forgotten it. It was good then that we returned.

We spent all of Christmas eve with my uncle. This time wasn't as fluid and alright as the one before. It was messy and awkward. Some slips of pronouns and several mentions of "Ivan". Everyone hurt a little more than the one before. Still, the night was enjoyable. Time passed and midnight came upon us. It was time to open the presents. It's not as exciting as when I was a child. It's not that I don't enjoy opening the boxes or the thrill of trying to figure out what the contents are. It's not a learned state of un-materialism. I am thankful of what my parents are going to do for me. They'll help me settle there and pay for the trip. Miguel got his iphone. The comments, not necessarily in bad faith, of "losing him" or disowning him because he now has apple products was painful to hear. I couldn't help but compare the sentiment with being different, with being like myself. I tried to ignore them. Even though I told my parents not to give me anything and just make the deposit, I opened various gifts. The ones I knew about like the shit pillow or the hot dog one, and the Harry Potter pajamas; some I theorized but weren't really sure, like the box of nail polishes. And some that were completely surprising, like the pajama set I'm wearing as of right now or the 3ds game that Luis gave me in a simple wrapping with the words: "you can keep the 3ds and take it with you to Mexico city".

I was tired, I wanted to go to bed. I cleaned my face and got my change of clothes ready when I heard a knocking on the door. I looked through the peephole and it was my other uncle and his family. They got in and greeted me normally. They stayed for a while. Karl's boyfriend came as well. She introduced me as Sofia. I extended my cheek and he approached it. Does he know about me? Can he tell?

I went to sleep as soon as they left and my uncle and aunt went upstairs.

The next day I got up and showered early. I was eager to put on the new outfit that I bought with my mother. The pants and blouse would hide the unflattering curves that made me so uncomfortable the day before and were really obvious with the gray dress.

After noon we went to my aunt's house, the place where Nymeria was born. It's awkward getting asked about her name. "You named her in a really weird way, right?". They called me just as much m'ija as they used m'ijo. They sometimes said Sofia and others mumbled Ivan. The first half of the day I let it happen and ignored it.

Teo introduced me to his girlfriend. "Do you know each other?" He questioned. I didn't answer trying to think and her looked a little troubled saying: "yeah, but, uh..." I didn't got what she meant until way later. We had met before indeed. She came to my house, she slept in my bed. I picked them up from the consulate. But I looked different. I dressed differently. I was different. That was what she meant.

Some time after in the afternoon, I think it was after hitting the piÃ±ata, we left to visit my uncle Alex. He invited us to his house with his wife. It was nice seeing them together. I haven't interacted much with his wife. I carried Nymeria without know what to do. Could we enter? Could I put her down on the floor? When I noticed neither of them made any mention of my clothes or appearance, those were the anxieties that troubled me. It was a relief when my uncle told my father they had a dog as well. No, it was my aunt that said it first. My uncle told us she was named Khalessi. That was a similar natured, but different relief.

It was when we returned again to my aunt's house that I felt it too much. I saw the sights, I heard the slips of tongue. Teo told Karla and her boyfriend about the dog, how caring they were to them "until they left and our happiness went away with him". I saw the face of the boyfriend, Louis I thinks he's called, and felt humiliated. My uncle Beto said bye and called me Ivan. My father had asked me to confirm the address of my uncle in the phone "Check it in the map, Ivan".

I felt tired, exhausted. I wanted to go home where I would not hear that name again. I wanted to sleep and cry. I asked my mom to leave. She said she'd wash some dishes and we could go. We didn't exit the house until around 45 minutes later. Even then my siblings and father waited with me outside for another 10.

In the car my grandma noticed there was something bothering me, but I hid with my earphones. I heard the music and cried silently looking out the window. Ivan was still in my ears. The doubts burned me inside. The insecurity, self-hate and fear.

When we finally got home, I changed into my sleep attire, set the bed with my earphones and covered my face with the pillow. I hugged Nymeria and cried until my eyes were dry and my mind went numb. Not much later I fell asleep.

Today we came home. I bought the ticket to the capital. It's bought, it's set. The date is finally set in stone. It hurts putting a different name, an old and forbidden one. Will there be any trouble in the airport when I show my id? I hope not. Will I hide in fear in male clothing?


### 2016-12-27

My aunt and uncle are here in my living room. They came as they said they would in Christmas. In a couple of hours we'll cross the border to give a ride to my cousin to the airport. He'll take a flight to Portland to visit his long distance girlfriend. Just a couple of minutes ago I saw the message from Iris. In it she asks me where did I change my pesos to euros. And if there was an issue withdrawing money from the ATM if the account is in pesos. She, as well, will go and meet his long distance boyfriend next month. Some day of January I think.

Yesterday I bought the flight ticket to the capital. A one-way ticket to Mexico City.

Today I played the Christmas special of Sense8, but remembered that Catherine had mentioned it and told me to watch it together. I paused it and put The OA instead. I watched just a couple of minutes.

Not much later my father arrived with the pizzas and I stopped it. Then, a little after, my uncle came with his family.

I showered Nymeria today. I let her into the shower without clothes and with a bucket filled with hot water. I took off my pajama pants and washed her. She looks way whiter and cleaner now.

I haven't counted my money. I have more dollars than I thought I would. My father gave me the allowance of the week and I have the 500 pesos my mother gave me for Christmas. When I showered and put on one of the new blouses that I bought with her in Macy's I considered cleaning my nails and painting them with one of the new colors. Maybe tomorrow.

Tomorrow we will go to the bank to make the deposit. I wonder of how much will it be. I told my mom about going to the sex shop to buy my godmother the gift she told me about yesterday. No, the day before. We were in the house of my aunt Cruz when she asked me again. She had said that she had made a mention of giving a sex toy to her being playful and I asked her why she wouldn't. She considered it and then asked me if I could accompany her to pick one.

In Facebook I had seen a post about a course of psychometric tests being given by a psychologist who works in the Mental Health Hospital. It didn't show any syllabus or table contents. The price was just as mine but I lack half of the preparations of the facilitator. Today I saw the post again, except this time it had countless comments asking for information and how to sign in.

Now I don't really know if it will actually happen. Several people asked me for information but not a single one has said something about confirming their assistance.

Will I accompany my parents and aunt to the airport? Around an hour ago my father said he would go lie down and sleep a little. Before stepping the stairs he looked at me and asked if I would go with them. I looked at my mom with a face showing doubt. "I don't know", I told him... "Do you want to go?" "Sure".

I feel like going to the bathroom. These last few days I haven't gone normally. I feel bloated and fat.

Nymeria is bitting the border of the bed making scratching noises. I can't concentrate with the words. I'll do something.

I asked her to get up to my bed, but instead I used the dark red blanket to wrap her into. She is there now, calm.

She has her head out of the blanket just enough to continue bitting.

I used one of the pictures that my mother uploaded from Christmas as my new profile picture. I hear the noises of the notifications in Facebook telling me how there are some new, something, maybe comments, probably likes.

There are days when I looked at some pictures of mine or even my own reflection and I don't understand how anyone would ever gender me female. I see my face and can't blame my relatives or my father for keep using an outdated name. There are others, though, when I see that face, and specially that smile, and I get it. I get it why I did it. How I decided to get this way, to fight for what I want, for who I am.

### 2016-12-28

How can I type my words and eat cheetos at the same time? Is it even possible?

This is the second night I've slept in my bed since Christmas. It wasn't this one that I dreamed with my ex. I had a wet dream with her the one before, I guess. There was something about the dentist and a parking lot of several levels and a body thrown and ignored. I can't remember the context of the encounter. I was with her, I recognized her face. I knew it was a dream and it wasn't real. I took advantage of it. Did I enjoy it? Was I a man in the dream?

It was only wet in the name. I reached an orgasm but there was nothing material that could serve as evidence. After the morning I well could had let the dream be forgotten and it would be as if it hadn't happened. Can't I say the same about our relationship? The only thing that remains are the memories. Could I let them go, it would be as if it never were.

Yesterday I finished the words while my uncle and aunt were outside in the living room. I did went with them. It was just my parents, my aunt and cousin and me. We left around one in the morning. My father did sleep a little. My mother and aunt just got into the bed but reached no slumber. Did I even try?

Time came and my mother opened my door. I took my purse and coat and went outside. My aunt was still in pajamas, she just changed and we all left.

The way to the border was dark and calm. We reached it in no time. The lines were short and quick. We stopped by the booth and a female patrol officer dispatched us. She reached for our cards and examined them. I got the same nervousness I feel when I wait for them to make a question or state a comment about my appearance. Nothing happened and nothing was said. She asked where would we be going and for what. My father told her the truth and we went on our way.

He stopped by a gas station and we saw a young man in just a short sleeved shirt. We were all wrapped in coats and scarves and gloves.

We got to the airport around 2 in the morning. The flight would depart by 6 and a half. Not even the checking in stations were open. We sat and wait. There were some people lying on the chairs sleeping and waiting. We talked. My mother kept making comments or references about the emotions my aunt would be experiencing. Eric was nervous and excited. But his emotions were unexpressed. It was, weird, being in there again. I hadn't returned to the airport since my trip to Europe, and then my return.

I left Mexico as a trans girl pretending to be a normal boy. I returned as Sofia disguised as Ivan, even to herself.

I didn't get to finish the review of the pictures. Around July the software keeps crashing. I saw the messages of my first days there. Even then, when months of being out publicly as me and being referred in the feminine by family, friends and strangers, there was certain warmth in the words of Catherine.

In the waiting area I was nostalgic. I kept returning to the thought that I'll be reliving soon the experience of leaving home for a long time. Of traveling to the unexplored and new and scary.

Eric checked in and we all waited outside the security area for him to pass. We returned home and arrived around six in the morning. The sun was barely showing in the horizon when we got in. I lied down with Nymeria and we both slept for the rest of the night. This morning they returned to Mexicali. I guess the same routine of Christmas will repeat this New year. We'll go celebrate the holiday with them, return a day later and receive them in our home the day after. This time we will pick him up. Instead of being dusk we'll receive him in the evening. And then, exactly a month later, my parents and siblings will say their good bye's to me.

Ivan left a long time ago. I'm going to Mexico to finally erase him. To move on, to live my life. To start it, finally.

Today my mother made the deposit to my account. I have money, some. I still don't feel ready.

### 2016-12-29

I'm ready to leave. I guess I should finish the words before asking for the ride. "Interpsique party" was written for yesterday in the agenda. When I transcripted the important dates to the notebook I got into it. The date was wrong. The party is today's Thursday instead of Wednesday. Catherine said she was not able to go because she'd be out of the city, so it was moved to today.

I am all changed and set. I showered in the morning to go see Rene. Nymeria didn't wake up by 7 anymore. The alarm sounded first and we stayed asleep. I postponed it several times, from 8 to 10. Again Nymeria hesitated before eating. I let her.

I talked normally with Rene. There were several things to mention like the trip to Mexicali this Christmas and the reactions of everybody. My crying in the living room after not being able to deal with the dysphoria. I talked a little about my family dynamics and the relationship with my father and his own relationships with his siblings. When I got out I heard the sound of paper bags but I was mistaken. There was no breakfast. I left the house around eleven fasting. I drank a glass of tea with my pills. My hormones and antidepressants were my meal for the day.

I feel more dysphoric than before. Even now with eyeshadow and lipstick and other make up, I took a picture to send to Catherine and I struggle with the image of him.

I dreamed with Monica.

Yesterda. There was something I did not write about. I had written when it happened. I used my mother's computer to pass the pictures. In it, I guessed I could use her facebook to send them to my uncle. When I opened it, instead of stumbling up on her picture as I told Rene, I looked for her. I opened her profile and lurk there in the latests news of her life. I saw her most recent pictures.

And I felt like shit.

The last one even had my mom's like with the fifty something other people. I mentioned to Rene how it was like some sort of treason. She's my ex, why would she like it. And on Monica's side, why hasn't she deleted her? She said she doesn't want to know nothing about me. Maybe that's why. She doesn't want to, so she doesn't look. She has the pictures but she doesn't look, she doesn't care.

Even months later I still am writing about her and I did look for her.

I had dreamed with her a couple of days ago and I dreamed of her again.

Catherine was in the dream, too, but I think I've forgotten her part and most of the context. We looked around in some kind of food place, she wanted to buy something to eat before school. We were in school, was it university or high school? Were there any uniforms? What was I wearing? How was I dressed?

In the market Catherine wandered around but ended up not buying anything because the clerk who handled the food admitted to have just farted.

It's seven pm, the hour Robertoni had posted in the message group that the meeting would start. I had said how tardiness was one of the things I couldn't deal with in people and yet I will be late.

I'll be going without Catherine. I asked her, but she said she was really tired. She preferred going out tomorrow with me. I know if I had left 20 minutes ago, I would had arrived on time, but probably I would had to enter alone.

Am I nervous about being carded? Have I been carded lately?

In the dream that was the last of Catherine. The next scene I was inside a classroom, just getting in and taking a seat. I had seen how Monica had taken or was just to take on besides or behind me. When I grabbed a seat for the missing spot, someone told me how she had moved. We had just talked in my dream. Was it some kind of memory or did we really chatted?

I remember seeing her and wondering if she was mad with me. I saw my phone and somehow I knew I didn't had there anymore. I had deleted her contact just as I did months ago. Was it reason enough to add her again and ask her what was going on? We were just talking moments ago. Maybe everything was left behind for a moment.

But it hasn't. We haven't talked. We won't.

I'll go to a party and drink.
