# 2016 — 23 years old

## March, 2016

### 2016-03-01

"Excited? ... Make use of it. I know you don't like being who you are not. I'm not telling you to enjoy when they call you Ivan, but, being honest, Ivan deserves a lot of things, too. I believe, from my humble opinion, a good bye?
And when you tell me I get a excited. When you say it's your last party that they'll celebrate with Ivan, I get excited about you, Sofia. "

Just know I shared with Catherine how I asked Anahi about how I looked those times I wore woman's clothes. I copied and pasted the first answer she gave me, warning me, making sure that I wouldn't take offense from it. I said I was going to the bathroom but in reality I went for something to drink. Tea this time. Now I don't want nor need alcohol.

I pasted her long "three thousand words essay". "Wow, how did it make you feel?".

Honestly, I don't know. It was nice. I would be lying if I had said that it was a relief or it wasn't the reason I am even considering wearing something feminine tomorrow. But that's not all of it. There was something else. An insecurity, maybe? A sick disbelief.

Today I dressed as masculine as I dared. "As masculine" I imagine with that answer dressing as the mid semesters from my career when I used formal pants and dark shirts. I dress as a caricature of an adult, an exaggeration of a man. I dressed like a little child trying to be his father. I was trying to be my dad. Being who he wanted me to? No, he never asked that from me. I wanted it.

I assimilated that expectation. I was the little boy who said he would be an engineer like his father. I would work with computers. I liked math and the sciences. I was excited to learn physics and chemistry. What happened then? I learned those subjects but didn't like them. They weren't what I expected? They failed me like I will fail my dad?

No.

In jr high I entered the electricity shop. It was full of men. I didn't dislike it, but didn't enjoy it either. I had my friend Medrano, and I wondered, I remember the choice. Communications or Electronics. Miguel chose that path. Miguel did follow my father's footsteps. I remember looking at them, chatting, ordering parts. My father was proud of him, helping him in his projects. He never did that with me. Was he disappointed as Medrano when I didn't went that way?

I followed Monica. It wasn't that I wanted to be with her. I wanted the chance to know her. Talk with her. To me, she wasn't Monica. I knew her name. But I didn't knew her. I chatted with her, had an idea of who she was. She was the X girl, to me. She was an avatar for the idealization of the persona I had created. She was the materialization of the femininity that I repressed and hid. I avoided being with men. I wanted a mixed group.

And then it happened. The first day when I didn't talk to her. No, that was what I believed. I did talk. I talk with her and Joanna and some other girls. I look in front of me, and behind me, all around me there were girls. And I didn't fit with them.

I didn't fit with men in jr high and I didn't fit with women then. I just didn't fit. I had chosen that path and I was lost and alone.

That was the trigger. Even Alan who moved to my class couldn't help me. I finally got close to her and could displace that femininity to her again. I fit the role of the male. I wasn't alone, I felt loved. I lived in my own fantasy bubble.

Today it was the rehearsal. I will be the first person in the line who will enter. I will come in and take my seat. Half of our generation behind me. "I thought about making my own speech". She rolled her eyes. It was like with Anahi and her, when I did their parts. It's not that I don't want you to do it. I did it for me. Anahi screamed and left. "It's for me". I said again.

Would I write it? Hilda told me her GPA is lower than me. I might be Magna Cum Laude. I might have a diploma and a postgraduate study free of charge.

But will I take it? It's like a safety net. I could stay here. Study some more. Do some more. Lose more time in this limbo. Or I could keep looking for a job, get out of here, travel and change my name. Be who I want to be. Be who I really am.

For that I have to have first to courage to say my name out loud.

### 2016-03-02

"Sofia has a face of not knowing"

I didn't expect it from her. Now that I write it, she's the person from whom I should had expected it most.

"I'll dress him very handsome for the graduation of his aunts"

It feels good but fake. An undeserved pleasure. I was driving home when I realized. I wonder about them believing my name because I don't. I fear of them thinking it's a game or a nickname, because I'm terrified of actually embracing it and make it mine. I am scared of having to fight for it. Defend it, defend me.

"Ivan, are there women who, you know, operate themselves, but, uh, like men who made themselves women, transexuals..." "Men who were born women? Yes, there are."

Why, why does he ask? What is it that gives him the curiosity?

The alarm clocked started singing at 6 in the morning. I could hear the showers upstairs. My dad was in the bathroom. I had no reason to get up then. I could wait. There was a second alarm. I stayed awake, anyway. I did shave. I did my hair. I wore a gray undershirt but took it off in my room. I wore pants but took them off too and put on the leggings. I looked myself in the mirror with my face shaven. It doesn't matter how close I do it, there is always dark spots. They always are seen.

I guess I do have to wear a mask.

I drove to Liliana's office. It was early. Catherine yesterday told me she was thinking about not going to school. She was in the border crossing line when I was getting ready. I arrived and looked for the guard in my male outfit. How much change could there be. I just had women's jeans and a clean face. Those were the only changes.

"Young man" he noticed me and opened the office. I waited there. It was early. Time caught up. It passed us. 15 minutes after our meeting time I sent Catherine a text. "What is it? Why me? What do I have that I can have a patient? Why do people don't give me a chance? She hasn't even seen me."

I thought she was inside the building or on her way to school. The patient said "Good morning" from the waiting room.

I applied the tests I carried and later did a short interview. She paid me. I left the money in her desk but it still was my first pay. I sent a text to Lili tonight, telling her about the money and the session. She asked how it went and told me her mother has a meeting next tuesday for the results. I offered to send her the report before printing and signing it. "If you like... thanks my beautiful girl".

Why did I feel warmth like with Paola's comment about her son's aunts? Why did I believe them and felt cared about? What is it? Why can't I see my own mother making some comments like that?

Is it really more difficult for them to accept it? To call me their daughter, to see my like a woman. To accept me and love me.

Catherine loves me as who I am. Anahi is my best friend, mutual, the first one, and cares for me the same way. Paola made the question about how to treat me. She changed the name and used it several times today. "I like your lip color" she said as she got there.

I returned from Liliana. I made breakfast and ate it. I applied make up before leaving but messed it up several times. Three times I had to color my lips. I try to sharpen the pencil's point and ended up using the lipstick.

"I had my first patient today" I started the session with Rene, "of course I wasn't wearing this".

Would had there been any difference with her? I would had a reason to attribute her absence. It's not logical because she wouldn't had known anyway, but still.

I felt peoples' sights all the way from my car to the building. Their eyes were heavy, like big and wet water balloons splashing me.

All the way back and the drive to the plaza. Chevo was already sitting waiting for us outside the movies. Catherine was sitting in her car parked with an empty spot besides her. I put make up again to cover the shadow in my face.

Nobody confirmed me today. There was no validation but Paola's different Sofias. Do they count?

Did Eusebio hear? The first one we were just the four of us. Then Jessica was there when she said I would roll the stairs. Did they notice? Do they care? Are they waiting for me to say something?

Should I wait after the graduation? We won't see each other until friday's ceremony and then it will be the party.

I will be dressed as a boy, I will be playing that character again, for the lasts times. What difference does it make?

Today. Today's feelings should had been difference enough. Is it really that I don't dare? I'm not courageous. I'm not brave. I am a coward.

I am fear materialized.

### 2016-03-03

There was something strange in today's morning sounds. I could hear my mother's voice at the same time of my dad's, Miguel and Luis were talking at the same time. The four of them were in the same room. Why was I awake? Did I dream something? I remember this weird sensation in my body. My head busy sorting thoughts. Separating fantasy from reality. Every morning is like a review of what has really happened and what has just been fiction.

The door was opened and the voices departed. I went back to slumber.

The door was opened again and there were steps around the house. Was Miguel home already? It was 9 in the morning. I think I checked the phone. It was my mother. Did she talk? Was it the phone? I realized it was her voice, her presence. What was she doing here? Whom did I tell? Catherine?

"My mother is here." I stood up and exited the room. My eyes were half-closed. "What happened?" I asked for a short answer and she narrated me her story. She has this, something, that she thought was hemorroids. They started growing so she went today to the hospital. The ER guy checked her. When he actually saw, he arranged her a meeting with the specialist. She has the meeting for the 7th.

Catherine offered me today of going to the movies, going to the hotel. I wouldn't shave today. I don't want to do anything of the sorts. I am not ok. I feel sad, I feel desperate and anxious. It's like time's running so fast around me, teasing him and I can't catch it. I'm dizzy with its motion and just want it to stop. At the same time I wish I just were as fast as it.

I wrote the time in the male persona. I went back to change it to the material it.

Several times I had thunk today about telling Catherine, asking her, not to talk until Sunday. After the party, after the ceremony. After all of this.

We went to pick up the, I don't know, graduation dress. Whatever it's called. She came for me after her salon. We picked the pictures. Asked for the different size. They did have ours saved in the system. It was just a matter of paying and waiting. He welcomed me with a young man. Of course he did. Now even a single day is enough for me to have a visible stub. I fantasize about plucking each and every one of those hairs. Feeling them hurt, grasping my skin and screaming as they let go. Enjoy the pain of their leaving.

Why haven't I made the appointment for the laser place? Is it really bigger the fear I have of telling my parents than the displeasure of being seen like this?

The next place was picking up the cloth. In the way, I saw a message of Melissa who said the ribbon would be given to us tomorrow. I had already saw how it was made. The psyches were red when they should had been yellow. The name is bigger and has a bigger psyche over it. The logo of the university is a green and ugly, the cloth itself is broader. The whole thing is a disaster.

Catherine felt even more distressed because she was the one who brought Ramon. She fears everyone will blame her. I just want all of this to end. I can't take it. I want to get over it. Sunday I'll have all of this behind me.

In her message Melissa said to take our id and an insurance of address. I didn't have any with me. Catherine either. There was a big notice posted in the wall saying they would ask for them with no exception.

The lady argue they told us when they gave us the receipt. They sure had given us that white paper. We had never seen it in our life. The lady who took our measures confessed, she didn't give us that paper, but she did say it. Maybe she did. I don't know.

They finally compromised and just check the address were the same as the one written in the receipt.

I tried it on. I didn't feel no excitement or fulfillment or emotion. It was a disguise. Another piece of cloth. Something to hid and go undetected.

We ate in the burger place near my house before picking the pictures. I thought I heard the waitress mix up her way to address me. It was an accident.

Outside my house, we kissed and touch. I put on a condom and we touched each other in the visitation parking.

I should interpret the tests, make the report. I've had a headache all day. I just want to lie down and sleep. Get over this.

Let it pass, let it end.

### 2016-03-04

"I have to go now. Sorry about my first message after all this time being about this, but I really wanted to know. I don't know how you are about me and everything that happened. You can talk to me if you want, or not. However, I understand. I hope you are all right."

"Pretties"
"Excuse me, girl"
"And academic mention to Ivan Fernandez for having the most perfect hair in this generation"
"I didn't recognize you with your flowing locks"

Today she had been online. I had already my clothes and broke fast. I was just waiting to leave. I was walking and opened her conversation. She was last online today in the morning. No. Before that I saw a red exclamation mark next to my message. It was not sent. I could click it to send it again. She had been online in the morning. She was alive. I had already checked.

Should I? Could I? Would I?

I touched it. And it came the first check, and then the second. I tried to hide my phone. I was scared, nervous. The message was received. Then they turned blue. A green Typing appeared under her name. Again I tried to lose the screen.

"red one, Sorry, I passed to leave Vania" "Okay, I'm doing my words." I wrote.

I made a mistake. It was the wrong conversation. Monica had not been online. It doesn't matter. She just wrote back. "How was it?"

I didn't really think she would write back. I saw it as closure. After the blue checks and time passed. I had, nothing. I just didn't expect.

In the morning. Her first message was an answer "no" and a disclaimer. Had I sent another messages? Her phone was stolen. She had just gotten whatsapp back. I had my answer. I didn't need nothing more. But I kept. And so did she. She talk as if nothing had happened. It hurt. Her message hurt. Why did I stay?

How are you? she asked. Did she really care?

I left. I sent her the message and I left.

I waited for Catherine in the plaza where Anahi goes to therapy. I had my gray pants and blue shirt and curly long hair. My face is clean. I looked manly. It was the beginning. I needed to get ready. These two days would be of closure.

Ramon took our pictures. There were some girls already there. Catherine was with Vania. She put on the grad dress and then I did. They gave us our ribbon and one by one we stepped for our picture. I went after Catherine. My pose would be different of theirs. He wanted me to cross my arms in front of me. Lift my chin and keep my back straight. The picture was taken and I saw it. It was good. It was fine. I didn't look like a man. I didn't look like Ivan. I looked... fine

After leaving. No. We waited. We waited until the matter of our party pictures was arranged. Hilda Catherine and me stayed there. Ramon took the camera and asked us to get together. We would have a special picture. "The gentleman in the midde". It was fine. These two days would be full with those kind of comments. I expected them. For now I was immune.

Hilda was by my left and Catherine to my right. "Closer... closer". I liked that picture.

When we leaved...


Catherine arrived. TOmorrow I will contine.

Sorry, this will end here.

### 2016-03-05

Sorry I'l have to cheat again.

In a couple of hours I will leave to the party. Liliana sent me text message asking how the report is going. I freaked out and told her I would have it by tomorrow. Now, I have to write the words, too, but I think I will just cheat today.

Yesterday I went with my parents to Cheripan, the argentinian restuarant. My mother ordered a choripan while I asked for a churrasco. I didn't drink anything. I would drink plenty today. After returning, Catherine sent me a text. Could I go out? She felt as if we didn't spent enough time just the two of us.

I remember the pictures. I liked them. I looked fine. We looked equal.

Now I am wearing my tux and I won't look the same. "Congratulations to the two bachelors" (in the male neutral). I wanted to correct her. I didn't. Just one more day. Just today.

My father had asked me the same question. Was I planning on going somewhere else after dinner? I answered no. I really had no plans. So when Catherine asked I hesitated. I did want to go. I could use a drink. I went upstairs to my parents' room and started innocuous conversation before telling them about leaving. They almost convinced me of going. I tend to do that with them. Looking indecisive so they push me into doing what I want do, instead of me asking permission.

I can't do that with my situation.

And I kept writing instead of grading the test.

Catherine drove me to plaza Fiesta. We could go to El tigre or Zenzontle. It was full. It was filled with people. We walked a little but ended up deciding to go somewhere else. We could drive a little to Paseo Chapultepec, they had some nice places and we were already dressed nice.

1994 was the place where we went. That cozy bar where we met with the rest of the group. We stayed there for a while. After our liter she drove me home.

No, it was when we arrived to the parking lot. She was looking for an empty slot when the car in front of us put on its reverse lights. She stopped and waited. The car came to us closer and closer. She honked but it was still coming. She honked again and again. until the rear met us in a crash. She kept honking out of desperation. She opened the door and got out. The driver of the white car did the same. He was an american. They saw there was no damage done so it all ended there. The guy would let us the empty spot he found a little while later.

I went to sleep. She slept with my long red sweater.

Today in the morning after breakfast I took the robe and little funny hat and returned them. I could stop somewhere and buy a nice spaniard wine. There was a licor shop near the place of the rent of tuxedos. I didn't find it. After returning the clothes and getting my id back, I went towards Galerias plaza. Wal-mart. I found a bottle of wine from 5 years ago. The same year we entered school. I also bought a bottle of asturian sidra.

I am all dressed and ready with my words almost finished and the tests still unchecked. I haven't written a single word of the report and yet I told "my boss" I would have it by tomorrow. While in a couple of hours I'll go to my graduation party and won't come back until after 2 in the morning.

I made the same mistake again today. Catherine had asked me at what time would I tell my parents to go take our picture. I wrote "near 6, I guess" but sent it to the wrong conversation.

It's the second time. It was a coincidence, and yet it still seems wrong.

She returned yesterday after my calling of the obvious. Hey* she corrected. She came back. I, instead of hating her, hated myself. Why did I put myself in that place again? And after the superficial conversation I ended with a pathetic request. "Don't be a stranger, ok?"

That's what she is.

No. She has always been Monica. All of her life she's stayed the same way. I hadn't met her when I saw her as the nameless girl. Then I idolized her. Then I really got to know her. But she's been the same person.

I am the one who changed. I am the one who is a stranger to her.

After my mistake she saw it but said nothing.

Now I did archived her conversation. I won't make the same mistake and I can stop looking at her picture if the silence returns.

### 2016-03-06

It's done. It's over. I'm finished with school. Well, not really, I mean, I still have to go and actually do the procedure to get my license. But, I gave my parents their party. I wore the tuxedo. I went and took the picture with them. I danced with Catherine. I laughed and drank with my friends.

"There's no shame in being tired (feminine)"

The last letters were off screen but I know what she wrote. I was there. She asked me if I wanted it that way. I did. She published it.

Everyone took pictures and videos. We all had a good time. A couple of flashing moments of real feeling struck me several times in the night. I drowned them in alcohol. For once it actually worked. I went ahead and got in line in the last assistance list. We made a toast. It didn't count towards the challenge I had with Chevo and Paola. Everyone in the table knew about me. Jhonny hadn't arrived yet. Yarely's boyfriend ignores my story, too, I guess.

"The most beautiful hair in the faculty" greeted me Viramontes when I met him outside the bathroom.

"Isn't he handsome, that cabron?", said again to the group of people he was with when I exited other time. Was it the time when I couldn't control my breathing inside the cubicle?

I remember thinking about how I had the escape plan ready. I could go with my parents and ask them to leave whenever I felt anxious or dysphoric. In the afternoon when I put on the suit and was grading the tests it was heavy and uncomfortable. It was like a cage, constricting me, asphyxiating me.

I remember seeing the pictures of Ramon and liking them. I was surprised of how good I looked. Even though I was a man, I could see me in those eyes and that smile.

In the party I got desperate with the absence of organization. There was no map of tables. We didn't know which was our table, where could we sit? What would I do? Claudia had the list, I guess, but she didn't publish it. One by one she was saying their tables as we asked. Catherine was in her way.

I met Chevica for the second time that day. I sat with them in Catherine's table. I saw Luis sitting bored, listening to music, quiet. Why was I sad about him? I felt like I had abandoned him. Inviting him felt like a punishment.

One by one I destroyed my suit. First it was the coat, after that, the tie. Then, after midnight, I took off my vest.

Where would we go as an after-party? Jhonny asked us. Paola had already said we could go take a shot to finish the day. I didn't want to say no. I wanted to go, but how could I? My parents would wait for me? Would they take me or pick me up? I didn't want to ask permission. After the party ended, they said we should go ask. I did. At first my parents didn't know what to do. Where would I go? Was it far? Would they wait for me? Could they?

Then, Catherine asked their parents if they could drive me home so my parents could go their way. They said yes. I asked her if she was sure. When I told my dad, he asked me the same question. Sure. They would take me. It was all set.

Except that it wasn't really the plan. Jhonny wanted us to stay in his house. When he said that I thought there would be more of us. He did sit with Miguel. He stayed with him and danced with him, chatted with him. We joked about him, how Miguel was waiting for him. He had left him all alone.

We had to go so Miguel would go, too. Catherine could ask her parents but I would need to, first. In one of the videos they took, I can see myself in the phone talking with my mother, asking her permission. "Who is this jhonny? Was he with you in the table? Where does he live?"

It's just the second time that I stay in somebody's house, and yet to my parents I've done it a lot more.

I had their yes. After another call, Catherine had hers.

We drank the shot. And then, Paola asked me to drink the absynth one. The didn't have it. So we ordered a similar one. Then the bartender gave the girls a free one.

Jessica passed hers to me and I gave the little glass back empty to her.

I went to the bathroom. Paolas went first. Paola was drunk as hell. She was literally speaking in english. Paola called an uber to pick them up. Later I would know paola's mother would intercept it and take Paola to the hospital. She was that drunk.

We went to a karaoke and drank a beer. Jhonny sang. We ate hot dogs in the dawn and took a taxi to jhonny's apartment. I undressed and slept in his spare room with Catherine.

I told her I loved her.

We had sex and my foreskin got stuck. Catherine would hear the sounds of the bed in the other room.

"Our little kid will have your name" he told me last night.

"Ivan... and if it's a girl?"

"Sofia" I wanted to tell him.

Now there is no reason to not tell my parents. If I hadn't gone, I actually think I would had done it.

### 2016-03-07

The gas dispatcher welcomed us in the feminine form. He didn't correct himself after, but then again I don't know what he saw. If it wasn't for his word I would never had known anyway.

Does it change anything? Is there like a meter that measures the number of people who sees me in a certain way? Under a certain number I don't qualify as being a woman.

I wasn't going to do anything today. I sent a text message in the morning to Lili. She answered almost instantly. I could send her the report by whatsapp so she would read it so I can present it to the patient tomorrow. After the link I got nothing back. I went back to sleep and didn't get up from bed until almost noon. I remember a couple of nightmares. They weren't the usual ones of a catastrophe or a interpersonal conflict. They were surreal. I knew I was dreaming. I found myself in this kind of mansion where I of course knew terrible things were gonna happen. I saw myself and tried to wake up. I tried to take control of the dream. I could turn the lights on, I could get away. It was my mind that created everything. I could do whatever I wanted. Except I didn't.

I woke up and fell asleep again. I fooled myself into thinking I was safe in reality. And then a glimpse of failed imitation of physics or a realization that the clothes I were wearing were not right with the moment would bring me back to my panic and frustration.

Yesterday I worried that I would not be able to sleep in the night. I fell asleep without a problem and continued to do until noon.

Miguel got in early. He opened the door and went upstairs. Catherine was answering my question about how were we going to resolve signing the report. She had returned already from the doctor so she offered me to go and eat in her house. I didn't want to get ready. I didn't want to change clothes. I didn't even want to shower. So Miguel's request made everything easier. "Could you give a ride to the sports unit?"

It was pouring and yet the kid wanted to do some exercise. I went and showered. Sure. Little balls of ice trickled in my windshield when I parked to leave him. I arrived in Catherine's house with the tank almost empty. She had no white sheets into which to print our report.

"Hello, tal-Ivan" said his father. He smiled and joked, he's kind with me. Her mother is the one who made a face when Catherine's aunt asked her to take a picture with me. She's the one who doesn't like me the same way after knowing about me. Maybe with his father will be similar. Maybe he'll resent me for being a freak who is in love with his daughter.

We went to fill the tank after eating the soup. Then Soriana. I told Catherine about Monica's messages. "Answer mee" she had said. Why was I talking to her? Was I betraying my own feelings?

Why did I think about asking her about my francs? She didn't give them to me for a reason. It was a way to start the conversation. When I told Catherine I really didn't remember how she came from the archived conversation after my mistake.

I archived her now again.

"Have you spend my francs?" "No"
"Not even in gambling and skanks?" "No"
"Lame"

Three times. Three messages and two nos. I talked with Catherine how I made a mistake continuing her conversation and I was here again, starting it. And for what? A couple of european coins.

Catherine's phone rang as we stopped in front of her house. Her parents would go to the doctor. While their absence we fucked on her bed. The trojan condom felt weird. I remember how it was the only one which I could actually wear and now it was loose and ill-fitting.

We went downstairs and watched the movie Zoolander. I fell asleep on her shoulder. I hugged her and kissed her.

We had just signed our first report as psychologists. It felt weird when I finally got an answer from Liliana. I had to change my own conclusions. I imagined she wouldn't want me to put a diagnostic on. The therapy recommendations were off, too.

What if she just wanted the results? What if my "good job" was not enough?

Maybe my work is just wrong?

It feels weak, poorly supported. Maybe my whole thing about doing everything perfect is because I don't value myself?

At least I hope I will get paid.

### 2016-03-08

Since last week that I saw the patient I have not written in the journal. The last time that I attempted to fill a notebook was with the university's planner that I bought in the gift shop. I used it for a couple of months and then forgot about it. Left it there, grouping blank days.

Now I have this little notebook that I bought with Catherine the day that we saw The Danish Girl. It was February? Now I have a blank week that I want to fill.

Will I be able to remember what I've done? What have I done this week? I saw my first paid patient. I applied test in a professional setting for the first time. That day was my last session with Rene. I came home and changed clothes. Was that the day that I met with Paola and Chevo and Jessica? Yeah, I think so.

"I like your lip's color" She called me Sofia twice.

This weekend Lili texted me to see how we were going with the report. I panicked and said I would have it by Sunday.

And I did. I had it. Now, today, I delivered it. I dressed nicely if I had to meet with the patient's mother. She wasn't there. I was sharing Lili's session. She asked for my input. I delivered results, handed her the report.

By the end of it I had my feedback. I am a charismatic, empathetic, glowing. "How many times have you done this before?" It was actually my first and I said the truth. Did she expect it? Maybe she could see where I lacked. Maybe I seemed knowing and experienced.

She kept talking about this other project. A workshop about tests. At first I believed it was about Catherine and me giving it. No, she wants us to take it. Maybe then we could have more patients. Where will I get patients? Now it's not that I don't believe I'm ready. It's not the knowledge that I lack, it's the patients. The thought about paying for them to teach me more sickens me. More even that they expect me to get patients so I can pay them.

I got stuck in traffic on the way home. Was that it? Was it meeting Ana Karen? She hugged me and said hi. "He also graduated". Did she know I've met Liliana? Maybe she left with the idea I'm another of her patients.

"Erick" "Erick" "...Ivan". She apologized. I'm not Erick, but I'm not Ivan, either.

She called me several different nicknames, petnames along the session and the feedback. All her adjectives were male. Of course they were. I presented that way.

I can think of me, imagine myself and I don't cringe anymore. Do I?

Why did that picture came to mind? The one I took outside Rene's office. I don't like my face. I don't like my complexion nor lips. It was that same day, the same one of my meetings.

...So I came home after 40 minutes. And when I arrive to the private, I can see my father's pick up. It fills me with rage. I couldn't get before him. Now I have to park outside him and came all the way in, look for him and ask him if he wants to move the cars, return and move back so he can get out, get the car in and wait for him. Then I can come home and get in.

It irritates me even more how I can sense they are in the living room. They are not far from the door and yet, knowing I've arrived, hearing how I fumble with the keys, they stay where they are.

I come in Miguel is lying in the couch. My parents were in the table. Just seeing me enter my father asks "let's move the cars".

I threw the stuff in my bed and returned to my car. When I put reverse, I almost kicked the pedal so I would crash with the gate. I'm furious. What is it? What was it?

I come back and eat, again, for the third time. Even after my salad I would go to the fridge and grab a hot dog and a bologna.

Today I had another dream. Catherine told me how since Sunday I've been uneasy in my sleep. Yesterday it was about how I couldn't get out of my dream. Today I defended some movie's character and got confronted with the bigot's doubt. Why was I caring? He grabbed my hands and looked at me suspicious. I feared he would move them to my chest, feel my bra, know about me, hit me, do something.

It wasn't any bigot. It was Nicolai. Jaime Nicolai from grade school. I didn't tell Catherine that, she doesn't know about him. There is nothing to know about him. I haven't seen him in more than 10 years. There is nothing from the time I knew him that could even relate to this.

What does he have to do with my fear of judgement? With my frustration of not being able to wake up from this nightmare?

### 2016-03-09

I haven't started.

I was dreaming and yet I knew it. I tried to control it again, but failed. I could use the opportunity to tell my dad. He was driving. We were in a mall. Outside Target, there were no other stores, just houses. Houses, again, just like the mansion in that other dream I could not control.

I would later narrate my dream to Rene. The second, most important part. I was more conscious about my being inside a lucid dream. I entered voluntarily to the house. I knew I could control it, make my mom appear. I went upstairs. Outside there was a three plants house, in the inside it was endless. Several different rooms, connectors and stairs. Inside them there were numerous and infinite rooms. Huge, gigantic furniture. I looked for a more normal one. I'd later find it and lie on the bed.

I made my mother appear in the room. Inside, she wasn't my mom. "My mom is not my favorite person in the world and yet the person in front of me wasn't her. It was even less." I called for my real mom and another one appeared. She also wasn't and my mind asked for another. Again, a third person entered. I was sick of it and blurted it out. "I'm trans". There, it was out. Nothing would happen when I would wake up. It was a no-consequence-exercise.

I can't even remember how she reacted. Was she surprised, angry? Was she disbelieving?

Nothing came out of it and I finally woke up.

I could interpret the other ones from earlier nights, bu this one? What could this one mean?

"Well, wasn't it what really happened?"

"You wanted your "perfect" mother to appear and she never did. You told her and nothing came out of it. An yet, the interesting part was that even in a dream you couldn't tell your dad, the one who you want to tell the most".

Today I didn't cried, just listened.

I shaved in the shower with the cheap razor. The one with which I shaved my legs. They're smooth now. I can't remember the last time I did it. It's a subtle little difference.

I applied make up and looked fine. I picked Catherine from near the crossing border. She had bought two tacos for sharing. I drove to Playas. A movie and then our cafe.

We ate the tacos, but where? In the movies? Yeah, in the parking lot. We bought the tickets to Zoolander 2. I laughed. I hugged her. She put her hand inside my leggings.

From there I parked near the park so she could apply more make up to my face and cover my facial hair. I applied the pencil instead of the lipstick. She put the foundation so I wouldn't have to see my face.

In the cafe I don't know if I were recognized. The new waitresses don't know us. There is just one from before we left the country two years ago. She gave us our menus and forgot about us until Catherine went down to order. The other waitress would constantly come upstairs to ask us how we were and if we needed anything.

We took pictures and videos. I shared some of them in snapchat. Sent them to Chevo and Paolas and Anahi.

We were talking with Anahi about tomorrow. What would I wear? How would we cross. What could we do with the cars? Anahi would cross in her car from otay. And us? what would we do when we return later at night? I have to take my car so I could return home. I will drive myself to San Ysidro and cross with the sentri card. They will cross in Otay and meet me in San Ysidro.

Today we also talked about that night. The sunday I slept with Catherine and talked drunk after having sex. I told her I loved her. I do. I know it. I don't doubt it. She told what I also said.

"After that, yeah, I felt this butterflies in my stomach. But I freaked out a little. It was more about what you said later. I haven't mentioned it."

I didn't know what else I said. She had told me about how I kept playing with jhonny about having sex. Was I teasing him? Didn't I really care? I can't remember that just as I can't remember me saying

"I want to have... ok, adopt, little babies", with a playful, childish and almost unconscious smile.

### 2016-03-10

Today we had sex. A thousand times I've said that I won't be able to have children. Yesterday we talked about how I said in a drunken state of consciousness how I'd be willing to have, or, more like, adopt children with her.

My father woke me up at 5:30 in the morning. The bathroom was ready. I shaved part of my chest and cleaned my hair. I put on pants and shaved my face with the double edged razor. It was close enough. I didn't put neither the bra nor the t-shirt. I went downstairs to my room with both my pajama pants and the clothes I'd wear today in my arms. In my room I had to lock the door so Luis wouldn't enter and see me. I painted my face and put mousse on my hair. Just a little black in my eyes and something to cover my facial hair.

Then I exited. Catherine and Anahi were already 20 persons behind crossing. I was in my car 5 minutes before the time I had to be leaving. There was traffic down the 5&10. I got into the gas station and went another way. There was some traffic too getting down the Americas. Down to the boulevard there was a full-stop. A couple more minutes in the 20 de noviembre neighborhood. After getting in to the freeway there was no more traffic. I parked the car and actually ran to the line. I showed my sentri card and got in the building. I kept walking until I stood a couple of persons behind the counter. Again the border officer held my card at the same lever of my face to corroborate my image. This time he didn't say anything. "Yes, it's you" He mumbled something I didn't get. "Your bag, what do you bring from Mexico" "Nothing."

I waited for Catherine and Anahi to come pick me up in the Jack in the box.

Anahi drove us to the Zoo. We got in there on time. We actually were early. We waited until some other people arrived.

How did they see me? There was someone who called us ladies. This time Catherine and Anahi weren't in front. If he didn't see the three of us, then he saw me with Anahi. I wanted to go to the bathroom. My underwear was uncomfortable. Where should I go? Partially blending is not really a solution. It has its own drawbacks. Getting in to the men's one would be admitting failure. The women's was overconfidence.

I waited. The next time we stopped, when Anahi did enter, I asked Catherine. "Which one should I use?" "You don't look girly girly", she admitted with a worried look on her face. I couldn't hear the rest of it. Her words were silent. I just caught her personification of manly man. "You are not a manly man". I don't care about extremes. I just want to avoid this ambiguity.

I can't remember now much of the zoo. We saw some animals, we went into the sky boxes thingies.

I wanted fish & chips, but the food was really expensive. It would be better for us to eat somewhere else. In n out? Chipotle?

"los llevo" "morros" "mamon". Why would those hurt me? She told Catherine she sees me as a woman. She calls me Sofia. I have seen the picture. She has me by that name in her phone. She's sincere. They're just mistakes, slips of tongue. Why do they hurt? I feel so pathetic worrying and hurting about that nonsense.

She drove us to the border and we walked towards my car. I used the men's room and she the women's. There was just one bathroom.

We could go fucking. We could go to the movies, too. We stopped in the Love boutique near my house. The lady in the cashier welcomed us with doubt. How did she end her word? "Bienvenid..." and then a whisper. Is it their voices that goes off or is it my ears that shut?

"Cualquier cosa diganme, reinas", said the older woman by her side. I didn't want to turn. I didn't want to face her. I liked being noticed, called like this. I don't want them to correct themselves. I don't want to correct them a third time. I've never done that.

In the motel I finished four times. The condom slipped and ended up inside of her. We were nervous, a little scared. I drove her to the pharmacy and bought an emergency pill.

My blue bra is damned. Everytime that I would use it, I wasn't able to show it to her. And then, today that we actually went to a motel, the condom slips. And after leaving, I think I forgot it. It wasn't until we were outside her house when I looked for her camera in my bag that I had to move it. I had put it in. I still have it.

We did what we had to. She took the pill. Now we just have to wait. Let her period come. She had her last between the 20th and 24th. Two weeks until the next one.

Two weeks and I can stop worrying about that. Two weeks after that and I'll worry about going to my appointment.

### 2016-03-11

I asked Cahterine to go to the university today. I could had gone alone. Nothing impeded me. Why didn't I go by myself? I stayed in bed. I slept the hours I lacked yesterday. I enjoyed my free time in bed, the warm between my sheets, the softness of my pillows, the rest in my muted thoughts.

This morning I did broke fast eating a bowl of cereal. The sweetness of the food was something new. A couple hours later I ate a sandwich and some chips. I watched several episodes of House of Cards. From bed to the couch. Walking nothing more than the necessary. My legs still hurt from yesterday's trip. The photos finished uploading. Even the videos are now in my computer. I could spend some time organizing most of them. Seeing them.

Catherine and Anahi published several on the internet.

"Is it bad that I'm a little annoyed with Anahi?" Catherine asked me a little ago. Yesterday in the Zoo Anahi avoided the camera, made faces when we still shoot at her. I kept doing it. I don't mind she doesn't like them. I want them for me. Still, when I got home, the first thing she did was ask us for the pictures we take. The contradiction made Catherine feel uneasy. I've gotten used to it, I guess. I noticed it, but didn't mind.

I like the pictures of that day, the ones from the day before. I like looking at me. Seeing me smile. I feel a little as if I want to share them, show them to my friends, post them on Facebook and let the world see me, see how I'm able to smile and be happy. I want to look at me, to notice me. I guess that's why I feel sad when I do post them and almost nobody notices them. There is no reaction. Nobody cares, why would they?

Why haven't I told my dad? The graduation has passed. It's not his reaction that I fear, it's not his face either. It's not his disappointment nor anger. It's not even his pain. What is it that scares me?

I don't know how to say it.

Yes, I do.

"Dad, I'm trans". That's what I have to say. Anything else is just an explanation. I can ease into it. I know that, too. Bring the topic up: "Have you seen that they're now the Wachowski sisters?". Let him talk about it. If he's supportive just say it. If he's not, say it even with more reason. "Everyone can be. Most of the people would never now".

I know what to say. I don't fear the reaction anymore. I just don't know how. How can I get close? How can I bring it up?

I told Catherine how I felt when I was in her house the last time. Being called Ivan, hearing the same old joke about that name.

Her mother invited me to the wedding of one of her friends. She hadn't told me about it. She didn't know if she should. How would I feel? Would I go?

I was honest with her. I'm not thrilled with the idea. I don't want to wear a suit. Introduce myself in that name. Play that role again. She understands. She knows. "It's just that, it was the first time that my mother mentioned taking you somewhere".

It was, except it wasn't. She wasn't inviting me. They don't know me.

Not even my parents know me. It's not fair to give Catherine pressure to do something when I can't even make myself open up. My parents are now alone in the kitchen. I don't even bother anymore making me feel guilty about the passed opportunities. I won't do it soon. I don't know what I am waiting for. Whenever they see something or ask about something will I admit it?

There are pictures of me in my computer, clothes of mine in my room. There is make up in my shelf. There is profiles with my picture and name online. What will happen when the wrong person finds them and says something? What when my aunts notice my name change in snapchat? What will I do when I meet Jessica and or her parents in the movies or when somebody who knows my mother recognizes me with the wrong clothes walking to my therapy?

What will happen when I make the appointment and finally go to the laser place. Will I tell them before? Will I tell them after? Will I answer truthfully when they will ask me?

Will I lie?

Will I ever be able to stop lying?

### 2016-03-12

Tomorrow I'll run a 5km race. It will be like the first date I went with Catherine three years ago. Now, everyone of us but Anahi will be there. Colors, water, running. I have the clothes ready in my bed. I asked Luis for a white t-shirt.

I got distracted. I was chatting with Catherine and Anahi. Anahi asked me where was Catherine, if I was with her. She's in a wedding. She did invite me. I decided not to go. I didn't want to wear a suit and meet people. I don't want to dance I don't want to be around people and feel invisible and hidden.

Ironically I was just talking with Anahi about going somewhere to dance. She doesn't know about any place and neither do I. After I mentioned our conversation to Catherine, she told me she doesn't know either. I think about the differences between dancing clubs and bars. I like the latter, but the former make me nervous. I think about the line that forms outside the door. The security men with their chains who decide who enters and who doesn't. How would I dress? They would look at my clothes, judge me, evaluate me. Am I formal enough? What would happen if I decided to go differently? Would I obliged to wear pants and shoes and a shirt?

Would I be mocked when I showed my id to those people? Do I have to go as a man? Would I dare going as something else?

Rene told me last session he should be starting with my report. If I wanted something special. What could I ask him to write? Does he really think the treatment is the right thing for me? I know it is. I know I am convinced. But is he on the same page as me? Do I have his total support?

I can ask him to put in what I have done, the things I've accomplished. I've told my close friends. I have a partner who knows and supports me and loves me just as I am. I've told my mother. I've gone outside several times dressed as female. I've known for years now.

Writing those things made me nervous. I feel agitated and anxious. I haven't told my dad. I haven't asked all of my friends to really acknowledge me. I haven't found a job with which I could live. I haven't started the laser sessions. I haven't told my brothers. I haven't confided in more than a handful of people.

I think about what I've done and I can't help but run towards I haven't done yet. What I'm missing, what I don't dare.

And time keeps coming, it runs and runs and it's closer than ever. Two months have passed since my birthday. Two months since I did the appointment, since I dared to make the call. Two months and nothing has happened since then. No. I'm lying.

Paolas know. Paola knows, Paola knows my name and about me. I've shared more with them. I graduated. I'm done with school.

I'm closer with Luis, I guess?

I won't tell him until I tell my dad. I think again and again how I could approach him. I go blank. My mouth is shut, my throat closed and my mind empty.

Tomorrow I'll wake up early and run. Tomorrow I'll see them. Will I say anything? What's the point in telling them more when my father is still blank?

Monday I can go to school and keep doing all the bureaucratic procedure that I left undone. I have the pictures and I've paid what I had to pay. Paola still has the book I took out for her. I need her to return it so they can give me a paper that says I don't owe anything to them.

Catherine gave me a convocation to this scholarship of community work in Colombia and Chile. I had seen it. When I gave myself the time to actually read it, something in it made me uneasy. I had to have and propose this new and creative idea of something that could help the community. Do a video of me selling it and promoting it.

I gave up without even trying.

I should be studying, preparing for my own goal. I haven't opened any of the books I should be reading.

I must call to the laser place. Catherine is right. Is just a consult. Asking about prices and terms. I'm not signing anything. I'm just asking. I can do that and then talk about my parents. Why do I keep feeling I'm hiding it from them. That I'm betraying them.

I can tell them that I went and asked. I want to do this.

"Why?"

Because I don't like how I look with facial hair. I don't like looking like a man. I don't like being a man...

And then just take the jump. Close my eyes and take that leap of faith. In the air, it doesn't matter the coldness of the water or the frozen punch of the fall. There's nothing left to do but embrace it.

### 2016-03-13

My eyes are heavy and tired. They are aching for closing and rest. My whole body is restless. I turn and see my bed and I'm filled with this sense of longing. The desire to crawl to there, hid under the sheets and turn off the lights is almost unbearable.

Yesterday I turned off the setting of my cellphone which automatically sets the time and date with the data sent by my cell provider and/or the information on the internet. Manually, I set the summer time schedule. I fell asleep somewhere between one and three. A couple of hours later the alarm started vibrating and singing. Catherine had asked me to call her whenever I woke up so she wouldn't stay asleep. A big six was in the dimmed screen of my phone. Was a text message enough? Must I actually call her? I did both. She was asleep, her phone marked 5 in the morning.

I went upstairs and grabbed a towel before entering the bathroom. Yesterday I discarded the idea of wearing a bra. I would sweat. It would look. Nobody would know me so I didn't really care about it. I still decided not to wear it. I shaved yesterday, too, so I wouldn't have to this morning. It was stupid to think of hiding my beard with make up. Why? I would run, I would sweat.

My phone did change its own time. It set ahead another hour. I slept an hour less than I should had. I woke Catherine an hour before we both should had risen.

I have been writing her in english for almost more than two hundred days. All of those days in english. I type a quarter of a thousand words daily in 20 minutes. And yet, I still feel judged. Catherine is nervous about speaking it. Her pronunciation bothers her. She feels that every mistake she might have will scream and point at her face. I know that feeling. The whole purpose of this exercise is to write, without censor nor editing. I should type my thoughts as they come. I should let everything slide, stop caring about syntax or orthography or grammar. And yet, here I am, writing a whole paragraph, again about her.

There is this little voice that speaks what I write. Every word sounds in my head as I see it being formed in my screen. The voice is not mine nor someone else's. It's not a personal voice. Sometimes it's male, others female. I don't really care. That voice is not the one that bothers me. It's that phantom ear in the back. That ear who listens and judges. The one ghost who is evaluating, looking for a mistake. No, it doesn't need to actually look. Mistakes are like little cockroaches moving when the lights turn to its sight. They escape and run and be as obvious as shooting stars in a dark night. And the ghosts notices, and marks them. The ghost speaks and judges. And then it stays, looking, hearing. Speechless, faceless.

"Who is the girl from the graduation that looks like Monica?" "The tall one".

We arrived first, before anyone. We were in the school, parked in the parking lot in front of the sports faculty one. We were early enough to actually receive t-shirts. There were only Large ones when it was our turn. Paola and I just received X-Large.

The race began. Catherine and I finished. Last.

Any other day I would had felt her. She would had been a burden. Maybe I would even hate her for bringing me with her. Making me be the last one. She wasn't forcing me, actually. Several times she offered, almost asked me to run. Run, go ahead. Any other day I wouldn't dare. I would had stayed and resented her still.

Today I stayed. But I didn't resent her, nor felt burdened. Today I wanted to hug her. I wanted to be by her side. What would be the point to go ahead, to meet Paolas or actually get to Chevo and Jessica's position. So what if I would end up being the first of the group to finish? I would win, maybe. But I'd be alone. Worse than that. I would had left her alone again

I didn't even think about that. In my head there was no option but walking besides her. I felt just as good finishing with her as I would had felt if I were the first one.

We ate with the rest of them. Paola didn't took the book with her. I might ask her about picking it up from her house. I need to return it before asking for the no-debt paper.

Why do I feel this, uh, pressure? Why is it hard for me to just send her a text message and ask her if I can pick it up?

Will I actually call tomorrow to set the appointment? Will I hesitate as I hesitated the day before my birthday? Will I ever tell my parents about any of those two appointments?

### 2016-03-14

I said I would wait and I did not. Just before starting typing I unplugged the headphones from the laptop and connected them to my phone. The little buzzes of the touches crawled like bugs from the cushions on my ears. There were three recordings in the screen. The top one was from this afternoon. I was narrating to myself, in some kind of journal entry way, how Anahi was talking to me about her crush asking her out.

For the first time I felt like somebody's best friend.

No, that's not fair. I've had best friends before. Is this what has happened with other things? Does every love feels like the first one? Does the current love seems like the best one? I was best friend of Catherine before we were a couple. I went with her to the motel as a best friend. I confided in her with a girl friend. I loved her as a friend. And before her there was Monica. We were not lovers or a couple until leaving high school. All the moments before then we were friends. She was the best one I had until then.

This time I felt required, solicited.

Today was just like yesterday. Again my phone skipped ahead an hour. The alarm broke the silent darkness of slumber an hour before it should. Catherine sent me a text saying her mother had left her near the border and she would wait just a little. There were no sounds in my home. Nobody had risen. What if they would not leave? I started being nervous, getting agitated with anxiety. Time seemed to pass so fast. I didn't notice the moment my father left with Miguel. Then, it was my mother's and Luis arguments as every other morning.

After they left, Catherine told me she would be leaving downtown. She'd text me when she were on the boulevard so I could meet her in the Burger King.

There was not as much traffic as I thought it would be. I texted her my location when I waited for the red light to turn green for the third time. From the gas station I estimated a time of arrival of 10 minutes. When I realized I had no data and decided to send it as a normal text message instead I realized it would not take me 10 minutes so I wrote 2 instead in the correction a minute later. Another minute later I was just outside the parking lot waiting for an altisa van to move.

I brought her home in my pijama. I was tired. Maybe I'm still am. As soon as we entered my room I got under my sheets. Paola had answered my message but Catherine continued the conversation in my place. She returned the book and sent Catherine a picture of the stamp.

After the university she had an appointment with the pediatrician. "For her or Diego?" I asked jokingly. She wrote it as "Sofi says".
"Then who is this?" And she explained it. I would read the conversation later when I drove Catherine home and read the first message of Anahi asking me if I were there. "How is it that whenever I need you you are not here?"

We hugged. I asked her if I could take my pants off. Why do I want to sleep in my underwear when I lie by her side? I love the sensation of my bare legs surrounding her. It was an innocent request. Yesterday she had asked me if she brought anything. No. I was not in the mood.

We did end up fucking. She touched me and I touched her. I made her finish after she did me. She put herself on top of me. After I put on the condom she slide me into herself and rode me. I came inside of her. This time the condom did not slip.

We fell asleep. I know I dreamed something but even just waking up I could not remember any of it. What could it had been about? I don't even remember the sensation it gave me.

After waking up we tried again. Now she slide her finger inside of me. Neither of us came this time. It was nice though.

Was it the first time or the second when the phone rang? Was it mine first or hers?

Hers she answered after several rings and checking that the number was known. "Good-bye" said a creepy woman's voice before hanging up.

Mine was an unknown number but not marked as Telcel. It, actually, was a man's name the one which appeared in the application that lets me block them. I answered and it was a lady. "Hello, with whom do you want to speak?" "Hi, miss, I'm from Telcel". I hung up.

She called me miss.

That was the reason I recorded myself again. This time I heard it with hearphones even though I wondered if I could wait. It was, weird. It doesn't sound feminine. It sounds a bit fake. I couldn't even hear it whole. I checked with the older one and the voice doesn't change much.

Would I call me miss if I heard that voice?

We got ready for school. I applied make up. Nobody called me any way. We paid the kardex. We made the appointment for the papers. It will be the 28th of this month. We met with Jhonny in the faculty and paid for my ticket for his show this Wednesday. Tomorrow I was supposed to pick the kardex but there will not be any labors. I can pick it up wednesday after therapy and before buying my pills.

I didn't make the appointment with the laser place. I didn't mention it to my parents either.

For being one who whines about waiting a lot, I really do not know what is it for that I make myself wait before telling my parents.

### 2016-03-15

There were a lot of messages when I grabbed my phone in the early morning. There had not passed more than half an hour since my mom and Luis left the house. Anahi, Catherine, and the conversation with the two of them. Anahi sent me several messages just to me. Her crush had asked her about a date. What could she do? What could she answer?

The whole morning I spent it in bed, under the sheets, trying to sleep and chatting with her. Catherine told us she was already in school. Later she was on her break. Anahi was asked where would she want to go. At what time. I helped her with her clothes and her hair. What shade could she use on her lips? Did her blouse look too transparent? Was it weird that he asked her to meet in Target?

After noon. No, it was 11 o'clock when I returned to bed. I was so tired and my eyes felt so heavy. I just put the alarm two hours later and shut my eyes. I turned off the alarm two times and got up at 3 in the afternoon. I ate saturday's breakfast in the morning and waited until 5pm to heat some chicken and potatoes. I was half through my plate when my mother called home. The phone was off. I ran upstairs and answered the one in my parents' room. I redialed her number. Luis answered.

"Miguel" he thought I was. I didn't fake the voice this time. I sound like him. Both my dad and my mom ask who is talking because they can't tell us apart. I hear him declare "I'm Miguel", several times too.

How did I talk yesterday when the Telcel lady heard me?

Minutes after they came with food from the Carl's jr, both my dad and Miguel entered the door. He has been going to the gym. Will he bulk up? Lean down? I can't remember the last time I saw him thin. He used to wear the same size I did. He was a Medium adult. He is now XLarge. I've stayed medium. I'm wearing now one of his shirts that he gave me. It still smells like Catherine. It's the one she wore when she slept in my bed.

Yesterday night I sent my resume to the job organization of the university. I see lots of reviews saying they got them a job. Maybe they will find something for me. Maybe they will ignore me, too...

As soon as my dad entered the house I told him they would show an animated film about food rated R. I showed him the video of my phone.

I don't see myself standing up to him and saying "I'm trans".

The first days I wondered about writing a letter. Two years ago I typed a long, repetitive e-mail that I would sent to the both of them. I deleted a couple days later. No. I discarded the idea but the document might still exist. I wouldn't use it anyway. It was maybe three or five pages long.

I could do it in a page. A lot has happened since then. I'm treated by my depression now. He knows that, but still I could use it as an anchor point.

He knows I take antidepressants.

He knows nothing else.

"I've been wanting to tell you something since a long time. I really don't know why it's so hard for me to open up with you.
It's been weeks since I've tried to muster up the courage to talk to you. But I can't find my voice, I can't find my words.
So I decided to write them. If I can't tell you, at least I'll show you.

It was hard for me to tell you I take antidepressants. I never told you the years before that I was depressed. I've never told you things.
I'm sorry. Even when I told you I was taking it, I couldn't describe the reason why.

I don't like my body. I don't like how I look. I don't like being a man. It feels wrong. It has felt wrong all my life.

I am not a man.

I am trans.

I am sure you know what that means..."

I can't. I thought I could, but no, I can't.

My mind goes blank. The words tangle up and explode and hide. The thoughts run loose and the emotions blow up like a grenade.

It's more hard than I thought it would be.

Even pretending, even rehearsing, I can't do it.

### 2016-03-16

I was supposed to wear something neutral today. I woke up and answered Catherine text messages. I had to turn off the alarms because I had no energy to wake up. I swallowed the two last pills in a dry gulp. I painted my face. I showered and shaved. I'm wearing black jeans and a red sweater. I walked the same path of every wednesday. I stopped in the Oxxo and bought a lemon beverage so I could break a 100 note. The cashier just looked at me and smiled politely. Nobody said anything. I looked at myself in the reflection of the building and it was nothing out of the ordinary.

I waited the fifteen minutes I was early sitting in the stairs of the last floor. I sent a snap to Chevo and paolas and Catherine and anahi. I wanted to see me. I finally played the doorbell and waited for Rene to come for me. He was alone.

The first part of the session I talked about how I can't dare to tell my parents. What is it that stop me from telling my dad. It's not his reaction, not that I don't know what to say. I'm scared of standing in front of him void of words. I'm afraid of the silent expectancy, of being naked and vulnerable in his eyes.

Then, he asked me since when everything started. I could tell his question was so he could gather the information he needs for the report. He hasn't started, or maybe he did. He confirmed the date of my appointment. "The seventh..." The other third quarters of the session I spent them talking, narrating the story and development of all this.

His question trying to discredit the differential diagnosis of a transvestite fetishism hurt me. I know it's not just sexual excitation. It's not a sexual desire. I have it more than clear.

I wear the clothes, I use that name. Even with the daily use of the antidepressants and the lower sexual desire. I have come from masturbating daily to doing it every other week, if even.

From his office I drove to the pharmacy near the university. I stopped in the parking lot and entered the building. I had the prescription and the wallet in my hand. I took off my sunglasses and held them in the other hand. I was almost blind when I gave the pharmacist my prescription.

Hello. Could you give me two bottles? Thank you.

She asked me if I had a card. I declined and then remember. "Oh, yeah, yes I do". The three of us smiled. Silly mistake.

"Could you attend the miss?" Said the one who had my prescription to the other one in the cashier.

I saved all the notes and the bottles and the prescription and my card. Everything set I drove towards the school. It was early still. The guard from the parking lot let me pass with just a wave of the hand. Does he know me? Does he recognize me?

The building of offices had all of its lights turned out. There were 5 minutes still to their return. I walked around the campus. I tried to get the wifi signal but it kept bouncing off my phone. I saw some familiar faces. Nobody who could recognize me. I walked around looking for a place to sit in a shadow. There was none.

I return to the offices and there was a line already. I stood in it, waiting. There was a little kid, maybe two or three years old. He had blue or green eyes and a soda bottle in his hands. His back was covered in a brown monkey backpack.

The three people in front of me were waiting for the other window. When I finally got to the clerk I asked him about my kardex. He asked for my name and started looking.

"My classmate couldn't come, can I take hers, too?" "If it's here, sure"

I said Catherine's lastname and he corrected me "First yours".

He was looking for Fernandez. He asked me if I was a graduate. He used the neutral, male form. Maybe it was my voice, maybe he saw through me.

He didn't find the kardex and asked my to write my name, program and number in a yellow post it. I wrote Catherine's too. Maybe he looked for a female name? I was waiting for that. "Ivan? Is this you?" "I thought you were a woman".

No.

The girl standing next to the door came with the papers. He signed them and gave them to me.

Luis and my mother arrived a couple of minutes ago. I was just painting my face again. They didn't notice. I let my eyes the same.

"You look pretty" Luis told me in a mocking way. "That's rude" my mother reprimanded him. He clarified he was talking about how a woman in my grad told me I looked pretty. "I'm just joking... or am I?"

I returned to my room and finished my eyes. Catherine sent me a text saying she was on her way.

We'll see jhonny's show.



### 2016-03-17

Anahi sent a post to the group of the seven team. The one where we are all signed up from years ago. We all were in the school. We all went to the congress. It was fourth semester. Before Anahi dropped out, before Paola got pregnant and dropped out, too, before Catherine and me went out of the country. It was before I broke up with Monica and before everything of mine came up.

Those were simpler times.

I think about fake times, like a fantasy bubble. A facade blinding us. Pretending we were living the time of our lives. No, I was pretending I was living.

My relationship was a mess and I refused to see it. My own persona was breaking. The repressed things were boiling inside and the shell was breaking. I was fake with "my friends". They knew nothing about me. They barely do now.

One by one were leaving. First it was Anahi. Paola was the one who saw through the lies. She left. Paola got isolated in a different group. Me and Catherine just left. I died in Spain and returned as a shadow. One by one we started realizing we were not this perfect group of loving friends. We paraded a lie. We celebrated a fake ribbon.

Anahi realized it when we didn't looked for her after her accident. I had my reasons stupid as they were. I don't know theirs. Catherine looked for her and was responded by apathy and indifference.

Then we started getting back together. First I looked for Catherine and she helped me get in peace with myself. From there, I opened up to Chevo and Jessica. Then it was Paola, and then the other.

By my own account I looked for Anahi, too. She's been talking with me about her crush. I felt as her real best friend. It was nice.
Meeting with Paola, the last one which I told, she kept repeating about this team, this group of friends. I was surprised by the way Anahi opened up to her and met her and talked as if years hadn't passed by.

On our own way, she confessed us how she wanted to correct her, eliminate this idea of hers that we're all still friends, this fantastical team.

And now here was her post. No... even before that. There were comments on memories. The first time we all went out. Maybe it were the pictures of the color run. Maybe she saw them, all of us posting them and celebrating. After that day, she came with the comments. Then told us about how she answered back to a snap of Eusebio. And today finally was her post.

All this talk about closure she asked for a meeting, seeing us all together. Maybe that first coffee to which we went the first time. Argana. She was answered by emotion and excitement. I was filled with doubt. Everyone kept asking about a time or place, getting organized. All but Catherine and me posted.

Catherine was going to meet Miguel that day. She's not excited to meeting them.

Before that Anahi asked us to see the batman and superman movie. We could wear superman and batman t-shirts. Catherine could wear one of wonder woman. Wonder woman, like the character which my mother's cousin liked to play as. Anahi would be team batman so I would wear a superman one. I know Miguel had one. I remember seeing him with it. Was it a long time ago? Did he give it to me? I don't have it. Maybe it was in his closet. I went to see.

I saw his open drawer and remember that time that I found a pair of panties reeking of semen. They were hidden in a camera pouch that was actually mine. Was the underwear my mothers? Did he do the same thing I did? Was he like me? I panicked and left it there.
So this time I opened them looking for something, expecting what I would find. When I saw the pillowcase at the back I didn't have to open it to know what it hid. Instead of one pair there were like five. I didn't smell anything.

Does he masturbate with them? I know he locks the door. Does he wear them? Does he just touches himself with them?

I know it's a common fetish. I want it to be a fetish. I wouldn't know how to take it otherwise.

I'm scared of telling my parents. Was Catherine right when she asked if it scared me of other one saying it first?

No. I'm scared of not being the only one. Of being blamed.

### 2016-03-18

In a couple of hours Catherine will arrive for me. We will eat and then watch a Tango concert in the CECUT. We bought the tickets the day before yesterday before Miguel arrived to watch Jhonny's show. Yesterday I couldn't decide what to wear today. I thought about the leggings and a blouse. Catherine proposed me to wear the blue one I wore in the pride. Two days ago I asked her if I could wear a dress. Why did I want to wear one? I haven't worn the gray one I bought since we went to the beach months ago. Was it last year?

The other one, the first one she gave me I haven't worn it since one of the times in the motel, more than a year ago.

So I had several options. It was all about trying em today in the morning. And so I did.

I woke up with the usual sounds in the morning. I had different dreams. In one I remember looking at my hand, the lines that are drawn by its age and reading Monica's name. It was like a Facebook status. I was surprised by it, it had a text. The next time that I looked at my hand it was gone. I tried to read from it but it had lost all meaning.

The next dream, that is fading right now as I try to recall it, it was about a game? No. I was in Mexicali. Something like that. I remember a house from there. Sleeping, beds. Something about my grandmother?

I was in my house. We were playing a game like Monopoly. My father and I. Were somebody else playing, too? I had rolled the dice and it was one. When I tried to move my piece it was gone? Where was I set? How could I move? Somebody had misplaced it. My father was winning. I had no properties. No, I did, one, maybe two... He had like three monopolies. I was sad, upset. I told him I didn't want to play anymore. There was no point, I didn't know where I was. He was a little upset. My uncle was there with him. Everyone talked about me. A sore loser, a brat. They judged me. I decided to put the game away. The board was big and heavy, like a mat or a rug. I wanted to folded but, no matter how I tried, I didn't get it right. Defeated, I went to lie down on the couch. I used it as a cover and put it over me. It was so heavy I could not move. It pushed me down against the couch. Every intent of moving was harder than the last.

And I woke up. It was an hour before noon and yet I was restless. I put an alarm half an hour later but ended up turning it off..

I ate breakfast and watched some tv. I tried one the blue blouse but it's wrinkles annoyed me. I saw my arms huge. I saw the dress in my closet and decided to try it on. I put it and then this black cardigan over it. I looked at my reflection and liked it. Even the black betraying spots on my face didn't bother me much. I took a picture and sent it to Catherine. Just now she saw it. She took a screenshot. I took another one and sent it to her. To Anahi and Paolas and even Chevo, too.

Is it possible that those kind of pictures make them uncomfortable?

Catherine, in the morning, told me how she would not go to the day at the beach that Anahi was planning with them. She sent the conversation to Miguel but he didn't answer. I can understand that. It seems unfair, I know.

She actually asked them, it was ok to take a male guest.

"Yeah, you can bring Ivan" Answered back Jessica. "A MALE guest, Miguel... Sofia is part of the package" Jessica knew. It was a joke. She told her to ask Anahi, but for everyone else it was cool.

She used that name, she defended me. Jessica is the only one who hadn't heard it before. Chevo, maybe, although he has me on Twitter. Both Anahi and Paola recognized me from the picture and name. It's foolish to think Chevo didn't too.

"I added you, already" He said, and yet he had not. He followed me until after I did.

In 40 minutes Catherine will leave her house and come for me.

Ever since the shower I've felt my heart rush. Is it the medication, maybe? I've been thinking about going to my dad. I decided to apply make up even though I asked Catherine for her lipstick. Do I want to be found? Do I want to be cornered and forced to say out loud?

If I don't say it, soon, I fear I'll be betrayed by my own unconscious self.

### 2016-03-19

There were dreams today but I've already forgotten.

Luis woke me up with his breakfast sounds. It was early, like 8 o clock and my door was open. Yesterday before falling asleep... no, it was before that...

I wrote yesterday's words before Catherine picked me up. We ate in the pomodoro restaurant. From there, we parked in the River Plaza. She bought an oreo milk popsicle and I, a glass of sangria. We waited and took pictures and talked. The car was parked near the food garden. In there we chatted about the thought of having kids. I remember her doubts and insecurities about her wants. After last trip to the motel and the slipped condom and the day after pill, we both gave the idea a recap. She do wants them. Because of her, her own motivation and needs, not her parents.

I want them, too. I like the idea of a little child. I am scared. I am scared of that little person growing and resenting me. I am afraid of the people's sights and judgements. In the morning Jessica had made that joke about me being Catherine's guest. She corrected her. We mentioned that, too.

"I didn't tell you, did I?... I was talking with Chevo, when he sent us the picture of his conversation with the empty group. He told me something, I can't remember what we were talking about, but he said 'like the colored people, as Sofia would say' ".

He used the name. I had just told her how I didn't identify what Jessica's exchange made me feel. She said how she was a little upset, but Jessica didn't know the name. She wrote, no she thought of telling her "I've told you, she is not a man to me. She is a woman." and yet again, how could she write I am part of the package? "Don't call her Ivan. Ivan's always included".

And so, she wrote Sofi, as if she had known.

After the anecdote about Chevo and realizing that. Late at night I wrote them. I told them about the name. I wrote a little letter in a new conversation in whatsapp. The didn't see it until today's morning. And that was the first thing I saw when I opened my eyes and reached the phone.

Their answers. They had heard it but didn't want to ask. They were waiting for me to tell them. Something was left vague, though, did I want for them to use the name or not?

I covered myself in the sheets and muted a scream with the pillow. I was anguished. What had I done? Why? How could I ever tell my dad if even with them that they know it's a disaster?

After a couple of breaths I answered with the same nonchalantic manner. Yes, fuck it. Use it. It would mean a lot to me. I repeated them the offer of asking whatever they want. I gave them some ideas.

After the shower we drove to the united states. I offered the idea of eating in the In N out. We all ate outside in the table I could save.

All day I had the words stuck in my chest. I could feel them moving with every breath. They were burning me. Nothing stopped me from saying it. In the freeway on our way home I even mouthed them silently with my lips as if I were rehearsing the movements needed.

"I want to go and ask how much they would charge me for getting rid of my facial hair".

Of what was I afraid? Of course I know. Because it means of saying the rest, too. Even Rene told me. "They will ask you why".

Yeah, it's right. And I know, with that little push I'll let everything out.

Even Luis asked me if I were going to look for clothes. "No, I don't like men's clothes". We looked for the t-shirts. I found one of Superman and a large one of Batman. I asked Anahi if she had bought them. She told me no. I could buy hers and let her pay me later.

We found a couple of sweatshirts. They were short-sleeved and a little shorter on the front than on the back. They were longish and yet slim. I liked them. There were some red ones. Luis liked them, too. After looking a little I found some gray ones, too. On the other end there was a blue thin one. It was Large so I suspected it was women's. I grabbed it, still. I liked it.

After a while I noticed it was too feminine so I left it.

I almost run out of soap so I need to buy some from Amazon. I saw some bags that I liked and a little leather wallet, the most expensive item that I absolutely loved.

Anahi told me a story about her. Some pictures she saved and kept. She wanted to give me and Catherine an album of us. It would had been amazing. But we grew apart. She thought about ripping them apart.

I felt sad and wanted to hug her and apologize.

We will print a picture of ours to Catherine.

### 2016-03-20

It's just barely past midnight and yet I got this urge to write. Why? It's the earliest I've written yet.

I had this sudden low.

I was organizing the pictures. Since the graduation I hadn't moved them. They were a mess. The dates, the times, they were all misplaced. And I looked through them. One by one, searched its place according to the rest, measuring the time when it should had taken place.

Since the graduation, firsts of march, to yesterday. I've put all of them on their place now. They are all set. I went back to see if I deleted all of the excessive ones. I can't tell.

The software kept crashing over and over. It always reopened on the same picture of me with red lips smiling to the camera in the food garden. I just had told Catherine how I liked the way I looked. Did it change? Did I change?

"Did the picture change or did my eyes?" Said the last twit I posted on Sofia's account. I had just changed the display picture...

Yolanda kept telling Catherine how she was narrating what happened and yet spoke about nothing at all. I feel, or realize just now how I am actually doing that just now. I opened this window to type how I feel. I could have told the moment that I noticed Yolanda's position. She's looking for someone to be her secretary. A student, she can liberate professional practice or social service. I could call her and ask her. The time is ok. 4 hours sitting on her office taking calls and doing her scheduling.

Catherine told me to call and ask. I couldn't. I was paralized.

"What is Catherine studying? ... Her mother told us, how she wasn't losing her year. She actually made me think how we let you do nothing".

My father asked me if I kept contacting or received notice of the school. I should call and ask.

I had told Catherine how I didn't feel their pressure. And today it was apparent. Why didn't I write about that? Didn't I remember?
Just now I feel like crying.

All day I had been with an euthymic mood. Joking, talking... What happened this moments?

I looked the pictures of a year ago. I have changed. I don't look the same. In some I look more feminine. Yet, it's not enough. And then I think of Chevo and Jessica. I asked them. It may be hard but nothing that they can't get accustomed to.

In three weeks I'll have an appointment with the endocrinologist. He will ask me questions and prescribe me some tests.

My father is just leaving to pick Miguel up. I should tell them. Mention the laser, do something. I want to scream it.

I feel so pathetic. I wanted to change before I telling them. I wanted to see me and just go like "oh, yeah you already look like a woman, I guess it's natural". It hurts me, saying it, how I feel like something and yet look entirely different.

Am I scared? Am I angry? Am I alive?

Am I anything?

What am I? Who am I?

I'm tired. I want to lie down and cry a little. I look at the pictures. I look attractive. I sent one to my aunt. A picture of me and Luis. "Handsome boys". I looked better than him. He looks handsome, thin and tall, with an athletic fit. His face is the one of a pubescent boy. My body is fuller and less formed and yet my face is softer, more defined. I looked like a handsome man.

I am not one. I don't want to be.

The picture I put in Twitter I looked feminine. The clothes don't look out of the ordinary. My face is softened by the make up and my eyes defined by the blackness of its surroundings. My face is contoured by my dark falling locks. There is an almost imperceptible trace of shadow around my lips and yet it's almost invisible. My factions doesn't scream male. But Catherine is right. There is something there, something that makes you doubt. Like an essence. Or a stink.

Luis said again "woman". "Pretty".

I made some comments about body hair, like forcing me to blurt out the laser appointment. Chest haired man. "I am not one", it's true, I don't have chest hair. He corrected himself: Chest haired woman".

He's wrong. I know it and feel it.

But where? I don't have chest hair, except I do.

I am not a woman, except I am.

### 2016-03-21

I don't know what I have done wrong.

I feel this immense guilt as if I had done something terrible. Yesterday, the day before, I stayed up and did the words of the next day. Yesterday? Yesterday we went to Mexicali. The day before we had gone to the United States. I was fine, I was playful and cheerful. I could see in me the initiative to actually say it, to tell my dad. Something late at night made me feel different.

I went to bed and dreamed. Dreamed about driving at night in the college. Then it was a party in my own home. Before that I walked to the picture with a cane and I hid it behind my back as I smiled. In the party my mother asked me about jobs. Mariana from the hospital was there. I screamed at my mother. She wasn't understanding me. There was this pressure. "You told me, promised me that the place where I'd do my internship would ask me to stay. They did not."

I waited outside. My father was just arriving home. And I did not say anything. I wanted to meet him and tell him. He went straight to the door. Mariana and her boyfriend said their good-byes.

Yesterday I know I dreamed something but I can't remember it. There was a dream in the conversation with Catherine but that I can't recall either. Something about my mother and grandma? Yeah. I was sick and lying in bed.

I feel like I wrote it before.

Tomorrow I'll see Rene. He asked me to change our appointment. I was at the beach with them, no, at the Oxxo, when I read his message. 'Sofia' he wrote to me as usual. It felt as jab, a stab in the abdomen. It was fake. No, I was.

Maybe wednesday we'll go to the universal studios. No, we'll cross but wait there for the next day. Thursday is the day of Catherine's surgery.

I asked her if she wanted me to stay. She didn't answer. Anahi had offered her help moving her furniture. She denied it because her mother would help her. She was considering mine.

I was trapped. If I went, I'd be leaving her alone and wouldn't be able to enjoy the trip with my family. If I stayed, she wouldn't even note my presence and I would leave my family without me again. I wanted to split into two so I could be with both of them. And again I felt this rage inside of me. I have all the time of the world. I do absolutely nothing. My days are as empty as space and yet everything has to collapse.

I look into the mirror and see a chimera again. A mixture of ideas and wasted dreams and potential failures and what I'm not and what I could had been. It hurts me as it never hurt me before. I am a little more than two weeks to meeting the specialist and yet I feel it so distant and far away. I feel like I will never be able to escape this body. As if I will never actually meet freedom.

I talked to Anahi. Maybe too much. She attacked Catherine with questions. Why do we do intercourse if I don't like it? Does she ask me to do it?

I just told her what I was thinking and feeling. I just opened up with somebody. Why do I keep doing the wrong thing?

"Can I ask you a favor? In a month that I propose to go out all of us again, please tell me not to"

I told my mother to not go today because of this meeting. I caused the surgery dilemma so I could see them in the beach in the cold feeling like a pathetic freak wearing a blouse. Everybody knew. All of them know. It's the same. Nothing has changed. They use the name but is just that, a fucking name. It has no meaning.

"Being antisocial together [male neutral]" tagged me Anahi in a twit when I was talking to her in the teriyaki place. Even she that would later "defend" me with Catherine slips it up. She always slips in the plural.

Why do I feel like crying?

Tomorrow I won't have make up on my eyes. I can cry tomorrow. Tell everything to Rene. But what will I say?

Catherine's period came today. I was supposed to be relieved. I feel all but tranquility.

### 2016-03-22

It's really weird to type with my ears uncovered. I actually miss the pressure of the headphones on my temples.

Did we have our first fight? Was this our first? How can this be the only time it's happened when we actually stopped talking for months?

I opened up with Anahi. "How are you?" she asked like half the world does. This time I was honest and I wrote what I felt. How I actually was. She envies my family. She actually does. She has a brother and a mother and a father which she doesn't care about and a tragic memory that still haunts her.

It's the little moments and not the trips or the parties that make my family valuable. "You don't know, they could be the most inclusive people ever". And yes, they could be. Right now that I went upstairs to the bathroom I actually looked into my parents' bedroom. I listened to the idea of telling them. Telling him.

"You remember what Luis said yesterday in the crossing border? How it might be cool being a girl? I feel something like that, kind off. It's not that I want to be a girl, it's that being a boy literally hurts me. That's what depresses me, that's why I keep going to therapy and I take antidepressants. I'm not a boy. I am trans."

I feel those words in my throat as I felt the laser ones. I don't think about his reaction or even his feeling. I don't care about what would happen after, I just want that sweet relief of not hiding it anymore. I could do anything, by anyone.

I'll do it sooner rather than later.

"You can't ask me to tell my family while you haven't told yours. It's my family and I will tell them, like you, on my own time."

Was that a challenge? Of course not. Why did I take it as one?

Why am I angry? Is this anger or guilt? Do I feel guilty or sad?

Is this the depression or just failure?

Tomorrow we will leave after my mother's appointment. We will cross the border and stay in a motel. Friday Anahi and me would go visit her. I feel weird now the idea of going, seeing her. I remember the feeling of her fingers around mine, the shared warmth of her hand inside my pocket. It was undeserved. It was wrong.

How can I love her when I am wrong?

Catherine, Monica, Anahi, Carlos, Miguel, Eusebio, Jessica, Yolanda, Rene, Liliana, Paola, the other Paola. All of them know about me, about my name. My mother and hers. They know, too. They have not seen me, they might not even comprehend.

According to today's session that might be the meaning of my dream. I, lying in bed, burdened by a heavy illness. My mother escapes from the house, leaves. I screamed at her what I don't dare to mention. I wish I could leave, too. I wish I could abandon all of this, but I can't. I am the one bedridden. I have grown accustomed to talk all by myself."

She knows like me but she acts as if nothing had happened.

"I am not Ivan". I have told countless times to Luis. Why don't I dare to tell my mother I am not her son?

Because I still am.

I told Catherine I feared she would leave me if I didn't penetrate. I think we don't fool anybody when we act as if I were her girlfriend. I don't look like a woman, I don't feel like one nor sound like one. I look like a man and sound like a man and smell like a man. I touch her like a man and kiss her like a man. I don't have the body. I have this one. I can't deny her what I have to the promise of giving what I never will.

I can;t be her daughter, I can't tell Luis I am not his brother. Because I look and sound like this. I haven't change. And again I fall into this unreachable request. To change my outside I have to accept what I feel inside. But I will never accept how I feel until I change the way I look.

I don't know what will happen with Catherine. I don't know how can I save this.

I will tell my father, and then so what? And then wait to the endo? And then, what's the point of finally looking as I should if there will be nobody who really sees me?

Who cares if I finally look like one and the whole world sees me as one if the only person who could see the real me before is not here anymore?

### 2016-03-23

My mother and father just arrived from their meeting in the hospital. I think I should had cheated today again. Maybe I should had just let the days pass and the streak to break. I can start again when I take the pills.

Yesterday I wanted to tell my dad. I could actually see it. I felt the words in my throat. I could spell them inside of my mouth. It wasn't a matter of if or not. It was a when. I could tell them before getting to the park. I could tell them after on our way home. I wanted to say it. I didn't even matter than Luis and Miguel were with me. I want to tell them all at the same time.

"I want to tell you something..."

I was lying in bed and closed my eyes and I could see me. I was taking my little notebook from my notebook and the pencil and just started writing in it. The page was so small that only the words needed would fit. "I don't know how to say it: I'm trans".

That's all I need to say. That's all that I want. I could say the rest, that's the thing I have to take out what I'm scared won't come, what might get stuck and asphyxiate me. After it gets out, everything else will float.

"I'm trans"

"Remember how Luis told us he might like being a woman? I feel something like that. I just hate being a man. It literally hurts me. That's why I keep going to therapy even though I graduated. That's why I take antidepressants, that's why I've been depressed most of my life. Because this body doesn't fit, it's wrong. It doesn't matter how much weight I gain or loss or how long my hair gets. It's being a man what makes me sick. I will change it. And I need you to know...

I can't keep going.

Catherine and I are not ok.

She asked me to visit her Friday, just me. I have to cancel with Anahi. I feel nervous. I'm not really sure I want to visit her. I feel she's not Catherine anymore. I feel like she were possessed. I thought it would leave me alone.

I'm scared of seeing it in her eyes. I already hear it in her words and it hurts.

Jessica asked about me. "She told me she exchanged more words with Miguel than you"

"When she told you that, did she call me Ivan?"

"Yes".

Of course. It would be hard. She would try. It's fake.

"Is everything all right?"

I nodded. Why do I keep lying?

I can't tell him like this, now. We'll leave in a moment.

I cant' keep going. I can't...

I can't... I can't...

### 2016-03-24

Universal Studios

### 2016-03-25

Dad, can I talk with you? I've been meaning to tell you something since a long time ago. It's really hard. It's about my therapy. You know I'm taking antidepressants. It was hard to tell you even that. I didn't tell you why, though. I don't like my body. I've been depressed since I was little. It's been getting worse by time. I don't like how I look. I don't like being a man. I don't like looking and sounding like one. It literally hurts me. That's why I keep going to therapy even though I graduated. That's why I'm depressed and I've been taking antidepressants for almost a year. They help, but not completely. You see, I am trans. I am a woman, something like that.

I want, I need to change my body. I will transition. And I know everything will be harder. When I realized what was happening with me I was a complete mess. I was suicidal, I couldn't see a future of me. My whole life plan was ruined. I thought my future was gone.

Now, I'm not so pessimistic. I will look for a specialist, I'll change. In the capital I can do the process to change my name and birth certificate. I won't be alone. Catherine knows and loves me like this. Some of my closest friends know, too. I know people will hate me, and almost anyone won't understand me, maybe won't even try. I don't mind if it's something hard for you to take down. I don't expect to just accept it. I just want to know you'll keep loving me, even though I wasn't and never will be the son you thought you had.


I actually thought I would be able to tell him today. I knew I wouldn't be able to the moment I told Catherine I was thinking of it.

Yesterday's was Catherine surgery while I was in Hollywood. I just sent her a picture of this text. She answered back saying how it hurt her. She feels guilty about how I asked her to tell her parents. Today she waited for me in her house. I visited her. Her mother opened the door for me and ask me to move my car a little back just like she does.

I read the text again after looking at her answer. Her emotions were behind my eyes in this second reading. They overflowed me, they rolled down by my cheeks.

Yesterday I was in the park. I woke up in the early morning by Luis side. We shared a bed. Miguel was sleeping in the other one. I was awake before his alarm started. I turned the first and second one off. He did wake up to shut the third one down. Was I going to dare wearing the jeggings? I had forgotten the black lycra shorts I wear under them. I forgot my long black cardigan, too.

The bathroom was empty and dark. The sink was outside the door, exposed. I decided to shower first. Miguel was still asleep, maybe, but Luis was already awake. I took my clothes and brought them with me to the bathroom. I put the gray panties first and the gray bra. Was I wearing a tank top underneath? Yeah, it was a red one. The jeggings fit fine. There was no obvious bulge. I was anxious, though, I did hesitate and fought with my genitals, trying to hide them, to get rid of them, even for a day.

Just like that I wanted to hide my beard. How could I shave? The sink was outside. I forgot the shaving gel, too.

My dad just came down the stairs, like my dream, he walked away instead of close. Do I want him to come?

Before leaving the day before I was typing this words. I had to cheat but I did half of them. He came and saw me. "Are you alright?" I nod my head and started cheating. We were getting off. Luis told him what I was doing. He asked him instead of me. Words for what? What are they about? How do you know they are 750 and not 749 or less?

He tries to get close, to know me. He asked me about Caherine. Maybe he finds it just as hard as me.

I wore the gray sweatshirt in the bathroom and shaved with the cheap razor and the rest of the little shampoo from the hotel.

I was with Catherine when my mother started uploading the pictures.

"I hadn't seen them, what are they, tights?" she noticed. Would anyone else notice, too? Thousands of people cross sights with me that day. What do they saw? I ask the question as if there could be a possibility of doubt.

She told me today she loved me.

She loves me.

She told me but I can't to my dad.

### 2016-03-26

The washing machine is now functional. We are not in Mexicali. The technician finished in the afternoon so we decided to stay.

It's fine, I guess. I woke up in the early morning by the light that came from the window in the other room. I dreamed something, I guess. I remember a dinner or something like that. Catherine was with me and there was another girl, too. Ana Karen? The young woman who exit her session with Liliana just before we waited for our patient.

I fell asleep again after eating my breakfast. My father spent most of the day alone in the living room. The Godfather was recorded in our DVR. He saw parts of them. My mother stayed in bed until after the washing machine was fixed. Miguel did so, too.

I should shower, there is a faint smell that annoys me. I feel dirty, like if a stench surrounds me. Maybe I can clean it away with water. Does it have to do with this feeling of disgust?

Did I forget to take my pills or did I took the double of my dosage?

Yesterday I went to Catherine's house. I wore a bra underneath my t-shirt. We lied in her bed. Her mother looked at us, found us in Catherine's room. She asked her if I was asleep. I was sad. I felt vulnerable and exhibited. "Her boyfriend, Ivan".

"I'm not your boyfriend" I told her hurt.

She told me she liked me and it hurt me also. How could she like me?

No, I can't do this. There is this smell that distracts me. I'm dirty. I have to clean myself.


I returned. I am tired. "How are you?" Catherine asked me moments after I left. I changed my pijama. I am wearing the same pants I bought when I was in jr high, four years of college, three of high school, more than 8 years ago. My father is watching tv in his room. My mother is watching some show or movie on her ipad besides him.

I walked into their room to grab a towel. I showered and wondered. Will Rene be disappointed with me not talking to him still? He knows it's hard for me. He must know. But yet again, maybe it's something that I ought to do before he can give me his letter, his report.

I read about those people on the internet. Some are filled of doubts, others with pain and desperation. Some have told to their parents and met nonsupport. I am thirsty. My throat is dry. Maybe it's all those words stuck in there.

I could well go to their room and kneel down on their bed. My mother already knows but my father doesn't have to know that. Maybe he knows, as well.

I can look at them and wait for their "what happened?".

"Nothing... it's just about my therapy. I asked Rene for a report, I will show it to you if you want, but I could tell you right now, anyway. You already know I take antidepressants and that I've been depressed. You don't know why. I talked a little with my mother but that was it. I don't like my body nor how I look. I don't like being a man. I don't like having my hair short or hearing people telling me 'I'm really handsome'. It hurts me, it hurts me looking at myself in the mirror or in pictures. It hurts me wearing a suit, recently it even hurts me hearing my own name.

I'm transgender. I'm trans. I'm part of that group of people that has been appearing on the news. The ones who go through this treatment to change their appearance and sometimes even get surgeries and go through this long and tedious procedure to change their names and papers. I'm those kind of people whom this new laws that prohibit them to enter to certain bathrooms affects them.

I've been talking about it, working with it with my therapist. That's why I've kept going to therapy even though I graduated. The medication helps a little but it's not enough.

That's why I want to make an appointment to get rid of my facial hair and I've already set an appointment with a specialist, an endocrinologist to start some treatment.

I know this might seem rush and I'm really sorry about that, but it's not to me. I've been dealing with this for years, all by myself. And I've been meaning to tell you, but I was so ashamed and scared that it took me just now to get the courage.

...And even yet, you won't read this. As you haven't read any of the other rehearsals I've written for myself."



### 2016-03-27

My parents and Miguel went to the movies. Luis is here, home, with me. Right now he's playing with the Xbox. He made himself some chicken and a pot of soup. We shared the soup. The ice cream that my father bought in the weekend is mostly cream. I served myself a cup and he filled a glass for himself.

I, doesn't matter how much I try to shift my point of view to the present, keep going to the past. What is it in me that fixates on the past?

I'm scared of thinking about the future. Paola sent us a message telling us there wouldn't be a party for her graduation but a trip to Las Vegas. It would be two years from now. Catherine was right, we don't even know where we would be by then. I can't see myself holding a job, having a way to prove financial independence. Two years from now I plan on already having changed my own name. Looking completely different as how I look today. What will I do when I plan to renovate my visa? Will they let me? Will I be able to?

It's just a trip, not even that. It's nothing more than a plan and it brought me fear and anxiety. Next year I want to be in the process of getting into the master. I want to be on hormones. In less than two weeks I'll see the endocrinologist. My father doesn't know about me. My mother doesn't know about the appointment. They might get upset that I didn't consult them.

So, there is a reason why avoid talking about the future. What's my excuse for ignoring the present, too?

Even writing daily, I focus on what I did, not what I am doing, thinking nor feeling.

What is it that I am thinking just now? I am waiting for my parents. I'm hearing Hurt of Johnny Cash. I'm listening to Luis playing in the living room. Could I tell Luis? We are alone in the house. He is confiding more and more on me. He talks about his friends, he makes jokes. He asks me serious questions. He might understand me.

I should tell my dad. I should update my mom about what I am doing. They already know about the laser. I told them, I got their approval. My mother even encouraged me to do it, to endure the pain.

What is it that keeps me from calling and making the appointment? I will just call and say I'm interested, ask for prices or a date to do a consultation. Then just wait for the day or time to go there. Whenever I go, they will just look at me, see me, evaluate my face, how many facial hair I have, they might tell me the number of sessions, the prices and the basic care before and after.

I see the pictures and my facial hair is the most obvious sign of my past. A couple of sessions, not more than a year and it will be gone. I want it. I am sure I don't want a beard. I am completely sure that I want it gone. Even more than the hormones. So why am I delaying it? What is it that scares me?

I keep looking to the message that I wrote to Chevo and Jessica. I offered them to ask me any questions and didn't answer my own examples. The last time they saw me, in the beach, nobody called me by any name. Jessica asked Catherine about me, about us. She used Ivan. She has every right, I wasn't even present. I would never read nor hear it. Why did it hurt? I asked them, I told them. It hurt. Now they were asked, so not doing wasn't an accident.

No, they did tell me. If it slips out is not personal. Why did that hurt, too? It's normal. It's years knowing me by a certain way. I can't just expect them to change the way they know me overnight.

I considered answering the questions. Opening up. Reminding them about my offer to chat. A cup of coffee, a cup of tea, anything. I could pay, it's not a problem. I just want to talk, nothing in particular, doesn't even have to be about me. Just want to see some familiar faces, hear some voices, remind myself that I'm not alone.

Why don't I just send it?

Why don't I just go to him?

"I want to talk with you about something".

### 2016-03-28

"It makes me nervous you telling your dad ... It makes me nervous thinking about telling my parents"

Today I could not wake up in the morning. Yesterday I stayed almost the whole day in bed. I woke up and ate breakfast. Returned to bed and slept. It was a cycle of getting up and coming back to bed. Past midnight I longed for that need of sleeping. I'll keep getting bigger and bigger if I don't stop sleeping.

So, this morning I kept postponing the alarms. Catherine went and returned from the doctor and I was still in bed. Did I dream something? Does it matter?

I thought, again, about telling my dad. Today he would return to work. He would not be at home the whole day. His vacations are over. There are just two sessions left with Rene until my appointment in the hospital.

I made myself breakfast with the leftover taco from yesterday. My parents went to the movies with Miguel. They saw Batman v Superman. Luis stayed home with me. My father told my mother how Luis stayed because we was waiting to go see it with me. How he was waiting to the day I would leave him alone. Does he really thinks I would be capable of doing something like that? Is that how he sees me?

He is still upstairs.

No, I just heard his voice in the living room. I won't tell him tonight. Probably I won't tell him tomorrow either. I don't know if I will tell him this week.

There is this thought that keeps coming back and back again. Rene will give me the report. He might give it to me the day after tomorrow. Will I show it to my dad? There is something a lot of people do when they come out to their families. They either send an email. or leave a written note. I, two years ago, when I was in Europe, wrote and e-mail to send home. Why have I discarded that idea since then?

Because it's just waiting. It's giving him the letter and waiting for it to be seen. After that it's waiting for him to say something, made a comment of it. Ask a question. What if he stays silent? What if nothing comes out of it?

What if I stand up in front of him and hand him the letter face to face. A little piece of paper that just says "I want to tell you something." In the backside it can say "I'm transgender". No, I keep thinking of this gimmicky stupid ideas of delaying my own words.

I will go to him whenever we can be alone. I'll tell him I want to talk with him about something so I can't back out. Then I'll just say it. There are few point that I have to touch. I don't have to give him all my story or share all the details.

I know this. I will start with what he already knows.

I'm still going to therapy. I take antidepressants. I am depressed.

From there, I can, slowly,say what he might know or suspect.

I don't like my body. That's why I am depressed. I haven't liked it since I started puberty. I've been living in this kind of fogged state, numb.

No... I start rambling again. Keep it short.

Known facts: I keep going to therapy. I take antidepressants. I am depressed.

The surface: I don't like my body. I don't like how I look. I don't like being a man.

Connect it to the known: That's the reason I keep going and I'm taking medication.

A little deeper: The treatment helps but it's not enough. I feel better but it's still not right. There is something wrong with me. I don't like being seen as a man. I want, no, need to change my body.

The punchline: I am transgender.

 From there the rest is just explaining. I realized before going to spain. I've been scared about them, about my own future. It's been two years since I realized it and started coming up to terms with it. I've talked with my closed friends. I've been talking about it with my therapist. I know what I will do. I will go to an endocrinologist and ask for treatment. I will go to a laser place and get rid of my facial hair. I will travel to the capital and apply to a master. There I can do all the legal paperwork so I can live my own life. Not anyone's else. Live as who I really am.

I'm not ready. I'm not ready to tell him, to defend myself.

I can't stand more time living like this but I'm not strong enough to fight for what I want.

### 2016-03-29

5o again.

Tomorrow I will might get my report.

150 days with today's streak and I haven't told my father. I've written it here several times. I've rehearsed it in my bed, in the shower, in my sleep. Today when I arrived from Catherine's house he came down to my room to ask me to move the car. Since then he has spent the whole night in his room. My mother was here in the living room but then went to give him company. It should not change a thing.I could tell them both. It would be easier. Both of them in bed and I kneeling at the bottom.

"Can I talk with you about something? It's about my therapy. You already know I've been taking antidepressants. It's been, well, more than 150 days, actually. Almost half a year. I have been depressed. I don't know how much have you noticed but you know that already. That's why I keep going to therapy even though I graduated. I talked a little with my mom about it before. I don't like my body, I hate it. I don't like how I look, how people see me. I don't like being a man. I'm not one.

I hate saying those words, explaining it. It's hard. I am transgender. You have seen the news about people like this. They change their bodies, their names. People don't want them using certain bathrooms. It's a mess, but I am like this.

I like when I go out with Catherine and they "get mistaken". They welcome us as two women. The waitress asks me for my order as a "lady". Months ago sometimes someone would come to me and call me by a female noun. Then they would see my face closely and apologize profusely. But they were wrong. I liked their mistake. I liked how they see me the first time. It was their apology that hurt.

So, yes. I don't like being treated as a man, I don't like when people expect things from me because of my genitals.

No. I just don't like my body. I don't like my big hands or my broad shoulders. I hate these tiny damn hairs that grow on my face. I want to shave daily but my skin gets irritated. I wish I could just take them away. I've always hated cutting my hair.

It doesn't matter. I don't have to explain it. It's not something new. This is what I've been talking about in my sessions. This is what depresses me. Half a year ago I needed help and I was prescribed with antidepressants, but they're not enough. Sure they've help but they don't fix the problem.

I want to change what I don't like. I want to stop being who I am not, who people expect me to be. I want to be myself. I want to be me. And I have to change my body to do that. I will. I will change my sex."

No.

No, no, no. I can just say that. That is not right. How can I stand in front of them and open up? How can I explain it?

What if they don't understand me? What if he doesn't agree or approve?

What if he hits me?

Yesterday before falling asleep I imagined asking him to fix the glove box and using that time alone to start talking. I imagined his reaction. It was not what I would actually expect. He reacted violently. He was enraged, he raised his hand and hit me. He ran towards me. He would keep hitting me.

That is not my dad. That would never happen. Why did I think it?

Today I went to Catherine's house. Tomorrow is my session with Rene. Tomorrow I'll stop by the pharmacy and buy my medication. Tomorrow I might get my report. I might use it. I can show it to them.

Catherine told me how her therapist published the same offer again. Now it's not just a receptionist, it's an assistant who would manage her agenda and maybe apply some evaluations. Half time, a thousand pesos every two weeks. This time it didn't specify being just for students.

Why did I feel pressure? Why was I scared? Why wouldn't I call? I don't want to ask it by phone. It's easier to deal with rejection by an e-mail or just silence. On the phone is actually saying it: "I'm Ivan and I need your help."

And then expecting and answer.

I am not Ivan. I don't want to keep saying it. I feel trapped in my own lie.

It would had been better if her parents would had never known me as her boyfriend.

### 2016-03-30

This week I will tell my dad. This week I'll make an appointment to the laser place on monday. I want to start. I need to start.

Rene didn't print me his report but he showed it to me. He apologized for putting Ivan as the name. It hurt, reading it. Reading the name and the sex and then reading the history of my feelings and fantasies. "Has thought about wearing his mother's clothes". "Sometimes dresses in women's clothes and wears make up".

It's a report. It's just something that he has to do. I can understand it.

This morning I decided to wear something feminine. I shaved thoroughly and wore make up. I thought about wearing the leggings but instead put on some jeans. In the morning I tied a scarf around my neck. I cut myself in the bathroom shaving. I should had made the appointment. Will I call or will I send another text message? I prefer calling now. Setting the appointment and asking for precise directions to the place.

I don't know how people saw me. Some said good morning, something that they never do. I drove to the pharmacy. The pharmacist received my prescription and looked for the bottles. "Did the young man gave you a card?" asked the woman who would charge me.

I went to Dax and looked at the make up. I bought a new foundation, the same one that is almost empty. I picked some make up removal tissues and some little sponges. All of it I paid. There was no mention of anything in the cashier. No looks, no words.

I saw three different people scan me with their eyes. It was as if their sights were an x-ray machine, looking through me.

With Rene I explained how I can't tell my dad yet. It feels as if I'm cheating. I don't consider giving him a letter, or telling my mom to explain what I told her to him. I have to do it myself as if it were some judge who were looking. As if I don't deserve it, somebody will prohibit me the change.

He turned my words around. What if... what if I can't tell my dad because of this feeling of betrayal, of treason. Is it, that I feel as I've cheated him of his son. Betrayed the relationship he thought he had with him, made him believe something I never was. Is that what scares me of telling him the truth?

It has to be with the fear that I have of telling Catherine's parents. I regret getting them to know me as Ivan, as their daughter's boyfriend. They've known this person, this young man, and I'm not him. They invited him to dinner, to their house, to their table. He played with their nephew and stayed with their daughter. And yet he doesn't exist. He's a lie.

What will happen when they know, when they realize. Will they be angry? Will they be upset? Will his dad resent me?

There is a possibility that they uninvite me from their wedding.

And I wander away from the thought of telling my father. Rene asked me to send him a message when I tell him. It will be something big. His reaction is still something unknown. It might be big, chaotic. Was he trying to be helpful? He's there, he will be there no matter what happens. Maybe he could act as a transferential projection of my father.

Maybe it was his way of pressuring me to do it. Create an expectancy. I might have already the deadline of doing it before next thursday but know there is somebody who knows and expects it. I talked about closing the door behind my back when I enter to my parents room to talk to him. Maybe he's putting himself by my back, both as a support and a pressure.

I stayed with Catherine. Ate again in her house. Her mother made soup. Her nephew was with us. I played with him. He looked for me with his big and innocent eyes. He smiled. What does he look? Everyone sees me as a man, everyone of her relatives know me as "that-Ivan". Will he get to know me like that?

I picked Anahi up from the Burger King and drove her to Catherine's. We stopped in the Oxxo to buy something to drink. The police guard welcomed us strongly. I stayed quiet. Anahi paid and there was no comment, no lady or welcome. Nothing. Like there were no need to say she was a woman. We went to the door and the police looked at me "You have really long hair, man". I just smiled and swallowed my pain down my throat. "Pull it down to see where it reaches", I smiled again but maybe Anahi noticed my discomfort in my eyes. I ignored him and exit.

We saw Paper towns in Catherine's bed. Anahi told us about her date. Tonight won't be the time I tell my dad. Maybe tomorrow. I have a week.

### 2016-03-31

Days keep passing by. I told Anahi about my plans with the laser. Everyone wants to get rid of hairs. They don't have to deal with a beard. Nobody sees them like men.

That's not the point. Three times today I asked my mother what were the plans for tomorrow and the weekend. What answer am I looking for? What is it that I want to know? After my father got home, he went straight to his room. My mother was already there. Even now is early enough for me to go and talk to him, to them.

I've made my speech, I won't repeat it again. It almost feel like cheating at this point. In my words, I mean.

Cheating, that was the interpretation Rene gave me about my reluctance to face him. It's not just tell him. It's facing him, standing in front of him and show myself, open up and let him know me, show him his mistake, correct his wrong idea about me.

It has to do, also, with shattering the future he might had thunk I have.

I have Luis here by my side just know. He's lying in my bed watching some video on youtube. Do I fear the same about shattering the image of his big brother? I don't care about how Miguel thinks about me, why don't I tell him first? Doesn't he look up to me, too?

I did laundry today. First it was my underwear. I remember when I was nervous about cleaning a pair of panties and a bra with the rest of my underwear. I would wait until nobody could see me. I would close the door on hide the garments inside the ball of the rest of my clothes. Over and over would I go and check the timer left. It was impossible for me to forget about it and let the clothes there.

Now, what is it? A year later? two? Now it was some tank tops, three pijama pants and the rest was woman's underwear. Three bras and maybe ten or twelve pair of underpants of different colours. Have I really changed without realizing? I was taking them from the washing machine to the dryer when Luis entered the laundry room.

"What are you doing?" I threw the black pants into the lighted hole. He peeked inside towards the colourful pile of wet clothes.

I tried to cover them and thought: "why?" And why indeed? I keep again and again to cover it, hide it. What would happen had he seen something?

"Is that a brassiere? Why do you have a brassiere in your laundry?" "Those are woman's panties"

Yes. Yes, it is, they are. They are mine. That's the answer that I could have given. That was the only thing needed to be said. Everything coming after that would had been just an explanation.

Maybe that's the only thing I need. Letting me be seen. Letting them see me and explain it.

No. I'm doing it again.

I will do it. Yesterday was the first day. Today, the second. I have a week. I will tell my dad. I need not to pressure myself. I have time. A week is lots of time. More than enough.

I showed Luis a condom. I picked it from the drawer and let him handle it. I, after that, let him know I have a bottle of lubricant. Why wasn't I afraid of that? I play with him about the idea of suppositories and prostate exams. I would feel no shame in telling him, or even my parents that my sex is unconventional. They don't need to know, though. What's the difference then?

What's the difference of them knowing that I like the feeling of being penetrated and dominated to letting them know about how I'm not really a man. I am a woman. Inside.

The words of Rene's report keep coming back. Reality's idea. Self-perception. The subject commits himself to the idea of pertaining to the female gender.

It reads so clinical and impersonal. I answered Jessica's question yesterday, too. She hadn't written anything after confirming Chevo's comment. She asked me, taking names out, who would be the person she would be in front of next time we would see each other.

I let Catherine know of the messages, the things said. Something in Jessica's made her feel something, too. "It's like what you're going through goes over her head. Like she's unable to comprehend. I feel her agressive.

She answered back and told me that they would visit Catherine next Wednesday. If I wanted to see them alone we could see each other, today they would leave work after 6pm.

Wednesday would be fine. I will meet Rene and get his report. Anahi asked me if I wanted to cross the border and going with her to target Tuesday.

Maybe Saturday we will go to the united states and maybe we will spend the weekend in Mexicali, too.

Every day gets filled. I don't think I'll make the appointment to the laser's this next week.

Now it really is just one week. I'm nervous. I really am.

But I'm even more excited.

