# 2016 — 23 years old

## June, 2016

### 2016-06-01

I've been sitting here for several minutes and I haven't started the words until just now.

The app of the Michigan's DNA study showed me that they have received the spit kit already. In two or three months I'll now if my sample contained enough DNA data to be analyzed.

I slept this morning like I did not in Guadalajara. I dreamed a lot. Three alarms I postponed before the phone rang I heard my mom's voice from the speaker telling me how she had forgotten her phone with all her alarms. At what time would I leave from home? Could I take it to her?

Sure.

Yesterday Rene sent me a text message asking me if he could see me earlier. I accepted. Yesterday, also, I set up plans with Catherine about going out. Would I wear a dress? I could wear the hoses we bought. I planned wearing something less feminine and then changing into it. My mother's call changed all my plans. I could not anymore. I would have to enter into her school and being seen by her work mates, people who know me. I would be Laurita's son.

I went to shower and shave my chest and pits, and my legs. I put on my underwear and over it the clothes in which I slept. I shaved my face and covered the little cuts with stinging alum. I came down shirtless and put on the red long-sleeved t-shirt. I put both the cream and mousse on my hair. I put on the tights, too, and the black jeans over them.

I applied some make up to hide the beard shadow. Until then I left for therapy. It was 11:20. I was late. I got into the car and remembered how I had forgotten my mother's phone. I returned for it and drove out again. I forgot the control of the fence, so I came once again.

I drove to the kinder. I got in there and received smiles from the people who recognized me. I knocked into the door of my mom's classroom. Some of her kids noticed me and called her: "teacher, your son".

I looked "fine". I was seen as a boy. I handed her the phone and went out on my way. I crossed the street and drove to therapy. I parked in the close parking lot. It's more expensive. I got one or two minutes before the session time. I was welcomed by the feminine. I walked and used the stairs.

I didn't stop talking in the whole session. Does it work if I don't get any interpretations?

 When I exited I sent Catherine a text and returned to my car. I finished my make up and put on the dress I had in the bag with the laptop. She got into the car and put hers. She lend me the lipstick Vania gave her. She noted how my tire was low. We stopped in the gas station and asked for it to be filled with air.

I drove her to argana. Or was she the one who drove? No, I drove us to playas. We got to Argana and entered. There was only the oldest waitress. She recognized us. I realized when we sat and she asked us if we were "listos" to order. It hurt even more than ever. I was wearing a dress and had make up.

I took the laptop but Catherine didn't save the episode in her usb. It didn't pass correctly. I downloaded another one. We ate and saw it. She repeated the male adjective when Catherine paid. She didn't give us our teas and yet was going to charge us. She offered to drive me. We went to La creperia like the week before. We ordered a latte and a chai. The chai one was so sweet and creamy I didn't like it. Everything was going awfully. We exchanged the beverages and left.

We stopped in the sex shop to buy lubrication. There was a cop with another person and a dog. "A little killer" she called it. When we walked to the store, he let loose little by little the dog. He came to me and I stopped. The dog sniffed me and climbed to my leg. He tried hiding its nose under my skirt.

We enter and bought what we were looking for and some water in the oxxo nearby. Three hotels we entered and exited because of the price. The first one was out of cheap rooms. The second one was way more expensive than we imagined. We finally went to the usual one.

In the room we got frisky and started kissing and touching each other. "Do I take my shoes off?" I was playful and I asked to separate her legs. I tried kicking it off and sending it to the other side of the room. I kicked it and my flat flew out of the window. We both heard the sound of leaves.

I stepped down looking for it. I mistook the bushes. A cab stopped thinking about picking me up. I finally found it and got it back.

We had sex. We talked.

"Are you ashamed of me?"

I hurt her. She had thunk about it, too, last week with Anahi's comment. She can't say she supports me if she's not able to tell her parents.

### 2016-06-02

I had a patient again. I didn't shave. I showered and combed my hair. I didn't use mousse.

I woke up later than usual. Again I almost forgot to take the pills. My grandma made me two burritos of egg and chorizo. They were warmly wrapped in the table when I exited my room. She was making Miguel something different. After I walked into the kitchen she offered me some of it or to make me some, too. I accepted.

I ate the breakfast with an english muffin. She offered me tortillas and I declined. I ate them anyway.

Today I finally finished the Snow Crash book. I didn't really like it. I'm glad it's finish. I asked Catherine which of the two books I had waiting to start. She said "American Gods".

I was still in my pajamas when Miguel showered and asked me to give him a ride to the gym. I did. I am a good sibling. Could I had use the opportunity to tell him about me? How do you even start that conversation? Is that why I thought about asking Hilda? "Hey, uh, did I look like a girl in Jalisco?".

There are just three boxes filled with pills in my organizer. I have to buy hormones. Literally hormones. I have still some antiandrogens for the time until my next prescription. I am lacking estrogen and antibaby pills. Will I dare to show my mother the prescription?

She doesn't know I am taking hormones. She knows about the testosterone blockers. She knows I want to stop looking like a man. Does she gets that I want to look like a woman? That I am experimenting changes now.

Do people notice?

I picked him up again in the afternoon. Three trips I made to the River zone. After bringing him back, I saw the episode of Steven Universe. In it, Garnet, the fusion of the lesbian couple gets separated because of plot reasons. Ruby, tries to infiltrate the Ruby squad that comes to earth. They find the rest of the gang and get into a play of baseball. The plot of a kids show does looks silly and nonsensical.

They say the names of the members of the team. Little changes go into each one. Steven stays the same. Pearl becomes Earl; Amethyst, Amy; Lapis gets the illogical Bob. Sapphire becomes Sophie.

I felt this weird feeling inside of me. I don't get why. I picked the name. I chose it. It wasn't given to me, it hasn't accompanied me my whole life. I didn't start understanding the idea of the self when my mother kept calling me by that word.

I was Ivan. They called me Ivan. I have the memories of hearing that name by my mother's voice even before I could speak.

Catherine sent me some of her pictures of her in kindergarten and grade school. I saw her growing each year, changing, becoming a teenager. The similarities between the little child and the woman I love. I will never get that. I will never have been a girl. It doesn't matter how much I change, mentally, physically, my past will always stay the same. I will always had suffered and cried and felt ashamed. I will always had been that quiet shy little boy.

Little sad Ivan, why don't you like to sing like the rest of the children? Little sad Ivan, why do you feel empty inside?
Every day you await for the days like your birthday or Christmas when you know it's time to smile. You get all you wished for and you do smile and in an instant it dissipates like the light of the candles in your cake, like the lights in the Christmas tree. And in smoke you stop smiling again, and you feel the same. Year by year, even though there are more candles, the light is dimmer.

Until there is none. There is no more waiting. There are no more smiles.

Little sad Ivan, I want to hug you. I want to be in front of you and dry your tears. I want to embrace you and tell you everything will be alright.

I know you won't believe me. You won't recognize me. You won't trust me. You'll come anyway, and you will hug me and you will cry even though you don't like people seeing you hurt.

And I'll look into your eyes and in the softest and most caring voice I will tell you it's not your fault. You've done nothing wrong. I don't blame you at all. You've done everything you could. This pain will fade.

Time will pass and you'll stop being little. Then you will stop being sad. Finally, you will be Ivan no more, and the light will bright again.

### 2016-06-03

I paid in Gusher a little less than 200 pesos for 28 pills of antidepressants. A supply that lasts me 2 weeks. I told my mother a couple weeks ago about looking at the prices of the medication in the pharmacy of Costco. Those weeks I would be going out in the evenings so there was no point in asking of going. I wanted to make use of the opportunity. I could ask them, show them the prescriptions, telling them that I'm taking those medications, letting them pay for them.

I was scared. Even now that it already passed I am a little nervous.

My grandma asked me to go to the oxxo to buy eggs, milk and tortillas. I would go out this afternoon so I'd be going before leaving. Miguel got up and they asked me. I had already gotten out of the shower. Did I have make up already? I wore the third new shirt and a bra underneath.

Nobody asked me or told me anything in the feminine form. I do notice more smiles, certain kind of looks. I know most of them are in my mind.

I went to put gasoline. The dispatcher welcomed me in the masculine form. After putting one hundred pesos worth of it, he told me how my tire was low, I should put some air in it. I gave a U-turn and stopped in the tire shop. I waited outside the car after a man in a black t-shirt approached me in my window and asked me what would I be needing. I waited a quarter of an hour. There were just two technicians and both were busy. Three times someone approached and asked me in a masculine way if I had been attended. I was wearing shades. Almost all of my clothes were man's. I was supposed to go to Catherine's house and look like a man. "Boy-mode" how they use to call it in reddit.

They use to say how when they started failing it is a signal of going full time. That use to happen months after starting hormones. I am just a little over a month in a minimal dosage. My breasts have grown. They are noticeable now. Catherine told me how in some of the pictures of Guadalajara my chest looked like that of a teenage girl.

I drove towards Catherine house. I had this blue feeling. I felt invisible and hideous. Like a tiny stinking black dot.

In her house we climbed the stairs to her old room. I was supposed to help her clean it. There were piles of stuff and clothes around it. She sat to put some shoe boxes inside the cabinet of her room. I tried some of hers. I looked into the pile of clothes she had thought about throwing away. I had this painful feeling of envy. She has clothes to throw and sell and give away. I have just a handful. I can't buy more. I don't dare to ask my parents for help.

I ate one of the breads I bought after coming home from my patients. I didn't eat again until returning from the Costco.

We went down to Catherine's living room. I interpreted the questionnaires I applied to my patient yesterday. We chatted and I helped her some with hers of the MMPI.

Her parents left to eat. They offered us to go or bring something. We stayed. We hugged and took some pictures. I kissed her. And we kept kissing until we were lying in the couch. Moments later we were in her bed, almost naked, wearing nothing but our bras. We lied besides each other with a hand between the other's legs. She came first. She hugged me and whispered my name in my ear until I came, too.

When I got home, my mother was already here. She was chatting with my grandma. Luis was asleep. He seems tired and depressed. He cried when they took him to cut his hair.

My mother told me what happened after I left from her classroom. I stayed with the idea of them seeing me, and knowing me as "the teacher's son". I didn't speak, that's how they looked me, that's how they told her. Did they know I would be coming? Were they expecting me? She explained how "that young man who just came is my son...".

Some things happen after that I just now know. One of them whispered to the boy besides him: "the teacher's son looks like a girl". He ratted him to my mom. She asked the first kid why he said something like that, expecting to hear something about the hair. "It's because his lips are red, like he just painted his mouth".

They weren't. I did put make up on. I was wearing foundation, but nothin else. I had a bra under my shirt. But my lips were normal. They kept discussing about my hair, why would my mother let me wear it long, why doesn't she force me to cut it.

She supported me. I am an adult. I make my own choices. I guess that's not as much support as I had thunk.

I went to Costco and asked about the prices of the antidepressants. They're a little more than a tenth of the price I pay in the pharmacy. When I gave him the second prescription my mother asked me what were those. I answered vaguely how it was the medication from the endocrinologist. He came back with the Diane and told me that they don't dispense Estrogens.

Tomorrow we'll go to the United States.



### 2016-06-04

I started reading again. I am almost by the fifth chapter in a novel of 20. This book is lots better than the last two I've read. This is less science-fiction-y. I'm glad I didn't start reading the back cover with the synopsis. I knew nothing about it besides that the protagonist was called Shadow. He was in prison for 3 years, he described his wife and anxiety about leaving. That known feeling I've experienced of knowing something wrong is going to happen. I read how he was called to the main office three days before his leaving. I read when they gave him the news about his wife's death.

I felt sad, I was shocked. I gasped and took my hand to my mouth.

We went to the United States. My grandma decided to go, too. She put her knee-thingy. We crossed in the normal lane. Instead of the 15 minutos to half hour we usually make, we did a little more than half hour. I wore a red t-shirt and jeans. I took a gray light jacket with me, but took it off before crossing. I think it's still in the car.

My parents left in the morning to go to the bank. I told Catherine last night how we were going to be leaving in the early morning. She was there even before I got up from bed. She was already back when we left home. She brought me a Mickey blouse. Some friend of her mother gave her a bag full of clothes for her to sell whenever she goes to the swap meet. She sent me three pictures of her in different dresses.

Until now I hadn't remembered that other time when Monica sent me three similar pictures. How many years have passed since then? I did think about Monica today. No, it was first about Johanna. Catherine understood how would be feeling sad. Do I remember her because of the times she tells me about Carlos?

Anahi started a conversation with me today. She asked me how it went my trip. Haven't I seen her since my departure?

I'm tired. Yesterday I tried doing the exercises again. I didn't finish them all. They were push ups. I couldn't I get tired. I am losing my strength.

I am glad of noting those effects, even if their mostly because of a placebo effect. Yesterday I bought the pills in Costco. Today I didn't stop in the pharmacy. Tomorrow will be elections day, so I guess I'll shower anyway. I can go after or before. Will they tell me something because of my id? No, they shouldn't. I hope they do.

We stopped in the Denny's. I ordered the fish fillet. Back home, before leaving, I took my pills in front of Luis. I want him to tell me something, I want him to start the conversation. My mother asked me yesterday and I deviated. "It's what the endocrinologist gave me". The pharmacist answered her for me. "We don't have estrogens".

She didn't see the prescription nor my name on it. Why does it make me uncomfortable? So what, yes, I chose a feminine name. I picked it myself. Where from? I don't know. It just came to me. It was the first one in which I felt comfortable. That's not really true, though. The first times that everyone used it, were awkward as hell. I don't believe them. How will I feel when I hear it through their voice?

Why can't I imagine being addressed as their daughter, their sister.

Why is it so much easier imagining going somewhere far away.

Luis confessed to my grandma how he felt sad when I was in Spain. I was so far away, all alone. How did I do that? Would I be able to do it again? I guess I will. I will in less than a year if everything goes according to plan. Sure it will be closer, but it will be harder, too. I went as a male. I will go as a trans woman.

The point is that Luis cares about me, he loves me and admires me. He was irritated and upset with everyone. Later that day, when I approached him and talked to him, he was calmer and easier going. What will happen when he knows I am trans? When he knows what happens with me and why I go to this doctor and take this medication.

He worries about me.

Will he worry, will he love me as much still?

### 2016-06-05

Why is it harder now to keep with my streaks? It's twice as hard to do the exercises. I'm tired of typing and thinking about what to write.
Today were elections. Miguel woke up early in the morning and I heard his steps and the words he exchanged with my grandmother. Yesterday, before I went to sleep, I saw the clothes I had put in the washing machine moved to the drying machine. Somebody moved them. Who was it, Miguel or my grandma? I thought about one of them taking them out now in the morning. Early today I remembered but was so tired that I stayed in bed. Later in the morning, when I checked, the clothes stayed there.

Was it then really? Or did I move them last night and put them in this very chair I am sitting right now?

I'm wearing the deadpool pajamas I bought before going to Guadalajara. Almost the 8 weeks since I went to the endocrinologist have passed, why does the anxiety of the doses have come back?

Miguel was in the same high school I was a year ago. My father brought us breakfast to Luis and me.

I was chatting with Catherine and asked her to wait for me a little. I am getting the blues.

She came. We talked yesterday about doing something. I wanted to go out. I needed to go to the pharmacy today. I took the last of the 42 pills of estrogen. 42 days and 4 of rest. 46 days taking hormones. Almost half of a hundred.

I showered and shaved. I was supposed to go to vote anyway. After that I could drive myself to the pharmacy and buy the last box of pills. My dad's pick up was parked behind the cars. I should wait for him or ask him. "Why are you going?" He would ask.

I was nervous. I should be able to talk freely to them about the medications and its effects. Sure, I told them months ago, but what's the point if I'm still hiding? I am everything but free.

We went to vote. I did, I checked the little ballot they gave me with the information I heard from the lawyers in Guadalajara. I have no opinion. I don't plan on staying here. I know who will win anyway. Everything will stay the same.

Before leaving home I said if we could make a stop in the pharmacy. "What do you need?" my father asked as I had imagined, looking straight at me from the rearview mirror. "I have to buy the medication they didn't have in Costco" My mother did a gesture of "oh, yeah, right". He kept asking, what medication? I freaked. I had thunk about this. I had cold feet and said the truth covered and disguised in technicalities. Hormones, estrogen. I could had said. He would had understood. Maybe it would had ended right there. Maybe it would be the start of a much needed conversation. "Gonadotropins" I answered lying with the truth. "What are those for?", he continued. "They're for my endocrine system." That one was true, also.

Had my mother heard about the estrogen in Costco? Did she say something to him? Did she understand the relationship about my words and the technical terms they teach you in high school biology?

I thought about their reactions in the pharmacy. It is different the faces they make when I buy the antidepressants and the ones they give me when I show them the other prescription. Do they know it;s me? Do they realize what is my treatment? Are they uncomfortable?

Catherine came home and we watched the episode of game of thrones. I offered her one of the birria tacos that were left. She accepted and we ate them with Luis sharing the table with us.

Why did I think about Monica today? "My ex", I remember using those words. What was it? Yeah. Catherine told me how she's a little unnerved by the lot of stuff I have over my bookshelf. She wants to clean it. I haven't touched there since Ieft to Spain. The things there, there is something right there that scares me. I have the ikea boxes I bought still wrapped. I don't want to go near there and move. I told her about how I still had the picture frame with "my ex". There is the tube of gifts she gave me, too. Somewhere is the box of stuff I should had thrown out long ago.

I asked her, when I was mad as hell, suspecting she had regifted the last present I gave her. I asked her about it the first time I relapsed from our long silences. She told me she had it with all of the rest of the stuff I had given her. Of course she opened it and read it.

I wasn't relieved. I wasn't angry either. It was something else entirely. I remembered one of the other times we broke up and she told me she had seen that same bunch of stuff and remembered how we were. She missed it and had realized the huge mistake it was to had broken up.

Is that what scares me? That I'll move there and stuff will come, her presents and notes and letters. Will I miss her? I know I didn't make a mistake.

I didn't talk about that with Catherine. No. It was something else. I want to leave her. I want to move out somewhere else where there won't be no more things from my past but the ones I brought there. No memories to hunt me. No buried things from past lives.

I am resigned of never being truly free here. They know, both of my parents know about me. Luis and Miguel might know, too, soon enough. But will that change anything? Will they accept it and change their idea of me as I do? Or will they also be like the memories from the distant past that will haunt me forever?

### 2016-06-06

I came to start the words. There was a 1 in parenthesis next to the Facebook tap in the browser. I clicked it thinking it was my male profile. I was wrong. The notification wasn't a text message or an advice of something new in the wall. It was a new friend request. Orozko Consultoria, the Human Resources professor. He added me. Was it a notification of "you might know this person"? Maybe he didn't recognize me and just added me because I was maybe another of his students. Maybe he did know. The picture is there and clear as day. Am I nervous? I added him, accepted him.

I woke up with a void in my stomach. Like a black hole, there was something inside of my that sucked every little bit of energy and motivation. I stayed in bed watching Freaks and Geeks in the tablet. I did the exercise until just a couple of hours ago. Time keeps passing by. Today is 6th of June. In ten days I'll be seeing the endocrinlogist. In a week I'll be getting up early in the morning, fasting and wearing girl's clothes to the lab to get my blood drawn. I did shower today. I shaved my legs. They're sore and burning.

Tomorrow I'll see both Catherine and Anahi. The day after tomorrow I'll see Rene, and the day after that, my patient. Saturday my parents will go to Mexicali and I'll ask to stay here. What will they say? I was invited to see my friends from the university. It'll be Paola's birthday.

I have a reason, several of them. They're valid.

Tomorrow I will wear jeggings. I will wear one of the tank tops and a hoodie. Why am I feeling like this? It's like a half-try.

Like if I'll fail. We will go to the beach. Why do I keep thinking I will be seen as a feminine man? I am a woman, in pajama, in a suit, in a dress or naked, I'm the same person.

Why do I feel like I have to dress the part? I can wear whatever the fuck I want.

I saw the parts of my room Catherine talked about yesterday. I actually considered doing something, grabbing a bag, throwing things, getting everything from there to the floor. Starting. Making a change.

I moved the paracords I bought months or maybe even years ago. I did a monkey fist bookmark. I used the remaining yellow cord to make a bracelet.

Catherine saw a blouse/dress in Plaza Rio and sent me a picture saying she thought of me.

She saw her patient today. I stayed in bed and ate and lied again, and went back to eat and shat and finally found the energy to do the exercises.

What is it that brings me down? 8 weeks have passes and I worry about the fucking doses again. I'll see him in a little more than a week. I can tell him then, ask him. I don't even have the lab results. The first weeks every start in a low dosage.

I answered a survey about LGBT people and relationships and mental health.

When I was looking for marbles to do the cord thingy, I found four of my old spintops. Before my dad and my mom came home, I looked for the keys of the backyard and play with two of them. I remember how to make them dance. I never actually really know how. It was a try and sometimes success kind of thing. I hadn't played with something like that in more than ten years. I was in elementary school. How easier where times then?

I remember being in kindergarten. Just learning how to write. I was given homework about copying a story to my notebook. It was late at night and it was several pages long. I remember feeling beaten, how would I finish such a thing? It was way too much.

15 years later I would spent full nights working in projects to give the next morning.

I cried and felt sad because of what Xennia did or didn't do. I liked her. I had a childish crush on her.

10 years later would I really know how love can hurt you. The ways it can make you feel alive and actually wish you were dead.

10 years ago I was taught the changes my body would go through, and told how it might be shocking and hard.
Now I am going through puberty again.

I am mending a mistake.

But whose?

### 2016-06-07

I'll start the words early today. It's a little after noon. I was supposed to go out today. I am changed and showered but still home. I know Miguel showered, too, and he might be in the living room waiting for me to go out and ask me if I can give him a ride to the gym. Why am I irritated? It wouldn't change a thing. I am going downtown anyway, the gym is on my way there. I would not deviate at all. It's not like last time that I went and picked him up, doing four trips that I hadn't needed to do.

I woke up early in the morning by several different dreams. The first one of them, the one I remember most and actually recalled in the subsequent dreams had Monica in it. Not her, technically, but her text. It was like when I was just beginning to know her. I knew more about her than most people and I hadn't even heard her voice. She did not appear in my dream. I did not see her, I did not hear her. I received a text message from her. The content is now fussy. I know she was asking me about something, how have I been holding up, she is sorry that we haven't talked and the way things were left. It was nice hearing about her, knowing something. Certain kind of closure.

I woke up to another dream and realized my phone was empty. No notifications, nothing. Everything was still the same.

In this dream I told Catherine I was sick. I might had been. But there was something else. I had shat. Not myself, I'm not sure. I went to the bathroom but there were no lights or water. The toilet was out of service. I was staying in my parents bedroom. I used the toilet but could not clean myself. I needed help. My mother came and helped me, except not in that way. She "cleaned me" but it was different. I had this sensation of being soiled, unclean. Maybe that's were the idea of being sick comes. I was handicapped and polluted. She made me kneel and with a bucket of water under me put something in my hair. Was it shampoo or soap? It was blue and thick. It came to my face and nostrils. It didn't rinse. I was drowning. I couldn't breathe and felt dirty still.

That dream changed and I was in a kind of theater. It was a show, like a play. Everyone was dressed fancy. I remember the seats were normal chairs. There were lots of them facing a big scenery. I recall seeing Jessica and Eusebio. He was wearing a suit or a tuxedo. I was walking and saw one waiter filling glasses with ginger ale. I asked for one and showed him. What was I wearing? Was I dressed in a masculine or feminine way? I don't remember feeling nervous or uncomfortable. I know I looked. I didn't avoid it. Chevo saw me and asked for one but was told there were no more. I gave him mine.

We sat and chatted. There was a news, was it a newspaper? My father was reading it. It might had been his phone. He showed me, or was it to us? A high number of car accidents in the city.

The dream changed. It might had been the stories everybody was sharing but I was in them. I walked through the city. It might had been the highway. I remember walking through a park, something like that. There were wrecked cars in the middle of the street. Stopped, without figure, painted with blood. The cars keep driving, crashing with them. Lots of heavy machinery slipping, flying, coming down with full force.

 I was scared. A semi was rolling my way and I kept walking. I thought I could go the other way in time. I didn't. It came and almost crushed me.

I woke up a little later.

My grandma said she made me some "burritos". I am still irritated. I told her I didn't want them. I spoke my mind to Catherine. I hate how she offers us food. I hate being here, living here.

I fried myself an egg and heated some of the food of yesterday. I took the pills but feel no effect whatsoever. Even from the usual dose of antidepressants. I haven't taken the new medication.

"How are you?" Catherine just asked.

I'm sad and disappointed. I'm tired and sick. I'm dirty. I'm walking through a wreck. I'm crushed.

### 2016-06-08

"It's Ivan, did he change sex? And all those times I was passive?" He joked. I told Catherine about the phone and my voice. "I don't know what to do or say" and then she sent me the screencap of the incoming messages she was receiving.

I knew since the beginning something like this could happen. I get the profile picture several times in the "you might now this person" section.

I woke up from dreams. I can't remember them. I know it was hard to sleep. Oh yeah. Last night a little before midnight my was in the dinning room with her laptop or ipad doing some work. She had her headphones on while she was busy. I wouldn't had mind except for the fact she was singing. It was a weird guttural whispering that was like a drowned scream. I was in my bed covered in the sheet. I used the other pillow to muffle the sounds that passed even through the door.

I thought about going outside and asking her to be quiet. I was trying to sleep. Why didn't I do it?

I instead grabbed the earphones from my bag and plugged them to my phone. I heard the music while I tried to sleep again.

Garab answered. After talking a little about what could she say or what would happen later, she sent him the message. I didn't change sex but I indeed was trans. He could talk to me directly.

He was playing around. He saw the picture and thought it was the profile of a girl that just looked incredibly like me. He wanted to cause her a funny moment.

I was nervous and scared. I was fucking terrified. He didn't know. He saw the picture, he noticed the similarities. He didn't know anyway.
He thought I was a girl who looked just like Ivan.

Sure, Catherine disclosed to him my situation for nothing and the only thing I could think about was how I passed.

Both Yarely and Miguel accepted my friends' request. Yarely liked my other picture.

Did I fall asleep? It was one or two in the morning when my mother came down. The door was open. I left it that way after returning from the restroom. She stepped down with the phone. She was talking with somebody. Was it the psychologist from her school? I heard half of the conversation and was irritated. I tried covering my ears. I can't remember what happened.

I just know I woke up in the morning and made myself a sandwich of chicken salad and took my pills.

I can't get over Garab's situation. He was the first person I met in the university. He was the first friend I made. I considered posting the "coming out" post to the university people just because of what happened. There is no point now, for now. There is a point still, there is no rush, though.

He reacted fine. He is happy for me. "While he (or is it she?) is happy."

Why do I have this sour taste in my mouth?

I ... I don't know.

Yesterday I wrote the words before leaving. Miguel was waiting for me. He told my grandma how he was waiting for me to leave the room so he could ask me for a ride.

I took him to the gym. I drove to the plaza of the restaurant. I wandered through the supermarket until their arrival. I bought a packet of cookies. In the restaurant we were welcome in the masculine form. The waitress who took us to our table welcomed us first neutrally, then femininely and later neutrally again, correcting herself. It was like a sucker punch in my by then sensible state of mind.

The thought of adding Monica on Facebook crossed my mind. I was the one who deleted her. She is the only contact I would add in the new profile that has both my mother and brothers.

So what? What would be the expecting outcome? Would it be better for her to ignore me or actually accepting me? Is the silence mine? Am I again the one avoiding her? I was the last one to contact her. She was the one to send me away.

The wrap I ordered came with cheese in it. I took it off with the fork but by the time I wanted to roll it up again it was a mess.

I cried there in the table.

The rest of the evening was alright. In the cafe de la flor where we went for a crepe, the waiter received us as ladies. And he even called me directly when took my plate.

I talked about that in session. Rene asked me about the medication, the doses, do I notice a change? He might be thinking about lowering the dosage. I don't mind. Now they're cheap as hell.



### 2016-06-09

I saw the patient again. I have hiccups. Twice since I started typing. The third time hasn't come. I returned from the restroom. My phimosis is still there. Is there a point in going and getting it fixed? I hadn't really given it any thought. Once I saw it mentioned in reddit. Trans women who preferred it so they would not see their glans exposed. Would it be different for me to see it that different way? Rene was the one who mentioned it months ago. It was kind of a big clitoris always covered. I remember the shock and surprise when one of those first times using the condom and penetrating and I took it off and saw the glans exposed. Yeah I attributed the discomfort to the extra sensitivity, but I was scared even before it touched my thigh.

I don't really understand how I went from starting about my session with the patient and finishing talking about my penis.

I won't see her again until after I see the gang in the park and go to the lab and see the endocrinologist. I have a whole week until giving her the last two or three tests.

I haven't started interpreting the other ones. I have three projective tests and two excel spreadsheets answered but a whole un-captured mmpi booklet filled with half a thousand items.

The exercise program of the app is finished. 8 weeks have passed, 56 days. A week before I started hormones, a week before meeting him again.

When I was looking for the tests and the manuals, I accommodated the booklet of items from the mmpi in a folder. After moving the pages I saw the green sheet of the order of the blood test. I grabbed a pen and checked the estradiol box. It does looks a little different from the other ones. Should I fill the other data? They will have my card and information from the profile. Am I nervous? I will go Monday. Will my grandma be here then still? They will go to Mexicali in the weekend. They have to give my uncle the last furniture they bought for the kitchen, I guess?

Will I go like a girl even if she's here? Yeah.

Why am I scared and nervous? What is it that I fear?

I'm wearing shorts and my bare legs are exposed. Shaven since the firsts of the week. I remember years ago how I hesitated even to tie my shoelaces. Now I am wearing shorts and nobody bates an eye. Is it better or worse?

I again considered shaving my arms. Catherine told me to wait. It will be more noticeable. I thought about getting my brows trimmed.

Rene repeated about my fractured identity. I talk about clothes, separating them in "full male, ambiguous, feminine". I am still the same person underneath.

I should start the new program. Do some exercise, move, force my body, use it. Tire it.

Catherine is on her new diet. Will she lose weight? Will she look thinner and prettier? Will I change, too? Will I look prettier, too, some day?

I had the thought crossed my mind yesterday in session but I blocked it. I kept my mouth shut and saw it fly by.

He said how it's like after an earthquake the books from the bookcase get knocked off. One by one you can start putting them on again. "A month each, maybe, after time they will be all on their place, just like you like them. And even if you don't you can take them all down and start again..."

Yeah, I know there will be waiting and time and all that. The fear I sometimes get is that I won't be here by then. I might look fine in a year or two, feel whole and complete and fulfilled. But what if I die halfway there? What if my time ends in two weeks? Everything would be over. It's possible, the possibility will always be there, and telling me the wait will be long just highs the probabilities of me not reaching it.

Tomorrow will be friday. I will start with the tests. I have to grade the projective ones, after that I can capture the mmpi answers and play with the tables and manual in excel. Look at the scales and see what they show.

Saturday I'll see Catherine. My parents will leave. What if they leave after Catherine gets here? What if they see me?

I can worry about that then, or even tomorrow.

### 2016-06-10

I was already in bed with the turns turned off and the sheets covering me almost to my face. I've read and tried watching netflix. I took Miguel to his school and showered and made exercise and walked to threw the bag of clothes I had in the feet of my bed for months and half of my closet.

Yesterday I wrote about the feelings of dying and I feel death's cold fingers deep well inside of me.

I took the pills after eating the bowl I served myself of cereal. I was fine. I did the exercise and weighted myself. 79 kilos a little more. At first I thought I be getting higher and higher. When I turned them to pounds I realized how that's not really true. I'm just where I was, not higher or lower. 174 pounds more or less.

I drove Miguel to school. I was lying on the couch watching the last episode of Orphan black when he came from upstairs all changed up and ready and sat in the living room. Or was it the dinning table? Almost when the episode was over did he ask me if I could take him there. I was in pajamas, my hair a mess. Today I did not buy a beverage.

It was there when I started feeling bad. In the morning Chevo answered my messages. We exchanged some images, memes. We have this routine were we send each other the more saddest and miserable jokes about depression and killing ourselves. Between that, we rest with some immature and stupid humour. This time I talked a little more and I showed him the screenshot of Catherine's phones with Garab's messages about my doppelgÃ¤nger and change of sex. He received them and saw it but he did not answer.

I was talking with Catherine, I asked her about what could I wear tomorrow. She did not answer. She got the messages, she saw them. It was not my internet nor hers, it said she was online. I was waiting all by myself in the car parked near my old house where I grew up for the first part of my life. That zone filled with memories. And I was all alone, ignored, left.

Yesterday there was an earthquake. It was a mild one, it was short, not more than five seconds. I was still awake. My mother was working in the living room again with her headphones on and her music knocking my door in whispers. I wanted her to shut up, to let me sleep. Be quiet. I could not open my mouth and talk. Why am I like this?

Everything shook and all quieted down.

Then my grandma came down and they talked louder than ever and I did not fall asleep again.

I finally went down a little past two, I guess. I woke up an hour before noon and was in bed ready to sleep before eight in the afternoon.

I feel like crying, this sadness and frustration all bottled up inside of me. I want to talk, to scream it to somebody, anyone. But why can't I? Why can't I let it out?

What am I so afraid of?

Before sleeping I wrote a new draft of what I could post on Facebook. I changed most of the words, there were no thank yous nor apologizing nor explaining.

It was a tad bit shorter. It felt more to the point. I guess I wanted to tell anybody so I screamed it to a pillow, where nobody could hear me. Everything's still the same.

I've thunk about sending Monica a friend request. It's not really about her accepting me. I don't imagine being her friends or even starting to talk again. It's the gesture of sending it. Knowing she will see the profile. I guess I want to be sure and confirm this feeling of rejection.

I wrote a short text of three words and I deleted it before sending it.

"Luis, I'm trans."

I read a stupid news article about a trans activist talking about this law in England that would permit people to sue trans people for rape if they don't disclose their gender history.

I read the comments and they usually didn't bother me anymore. There were not any direct offenses or attacks. It was the subtle messages. What's wrong in not wanting a partner that had a history with a crisis identity. They are straight man who want a straight woman that were born a woman.

How idiotic to think that a man who got surgery to be a woman is a biological woman deserving of privacy. We're less than half a percent of the population, why would we need rights?

It's normal not being wanted. It should be illegal not saying I am trans, damaged, broken.

Who am I to deny them the information that I am less than a person?


I keep having this idea of Catherine being ashamed of me. I thought about telling them and imagine the classic response of them being bigots and they're not the whole world. I should not worry about them.

"And your parents? and you? How won't I feel like trash if you're even scared of telling people about me"

Why do I want to bring her down, too?

There is a myth that misery is less painful when it's shared.

### 2016-06-11

There are lots of pictures in my phone. Some of me alone, other of me besides Catherine, there are a couple of my friends and even others with all of us.

Today I climbed a tree for the first time in my life. I had never done it before. Never knew how.

It was the same park of that day. I narrated it almost a year ago, I guess. It was three years ago. Our last date. Just now I put the song again. Why do I want to remember it? I won't talk about it. I'll talk about today. This new memory.

Yesterday my mother said we would not go to Mexicali after all. They went to the United States. My grandmother would stay here. I wold not be alone in the house when Catherine come to pick me up.

I cried last night. What was it? I was sad and angry and upset and I screamed in a pillow and the tears wet the other one that I did not embrace.

Catherine asked me if I'd be upset if she asked to leave early. I told her I could take my own car. We could drive by ourselves. She could return and I would not depend on her.

It all started because of that. She felt sad and frustrated. There was something wrong inside of her. She hurt me and she regret it. I told her getting a ride was the least of my worries. From there we kept talking.

"I feel sad and angry. I feel frustrated and alone and weak and worthless. I think of when my father told me I was not alone and he got mad and told me to not say it.

"And I get full of rage.

"I'm imprisoned in a cage and I feel hate. How can I say there is nothing wrong if I feel shame? How can I believe I have nothing wrong if I am an embarrasment.

"I read what people think about people like me. They are not just strangers or internet voices. It's reality. It's your family and mine. It's the whole fucking world."

She shared with me how she feels similarly. Not having the courage of telling her parents. Talking about her. Time is running out and my patience is running out, too. She wants to show me that she's not ashamed of me, she's not ashamed of herself.

I confessed how I think I will not be able to go to her wedding.

She asked me about my confinement.

"In the house, my home. In my room. I can't get out of it because I'll be seen. I have to watch out how I show myself, what I wear and when, what I say and what I don't. In Facebook, who sees what and who can notices.
In this body that doesn't change.
To the wedding I can't go in a suit and I can't go in a dress. Everyone will ask you about your boyfriend Ivan, because I'm confined to that fucking role, and months pass and it doesn't end.
I want to get out of here, somewhere nobody knows me and there won't be any memory that ties me to my past.
Somewhere I can feel free.

"You're right. It's not just the hormones. It's been almost half of the year and I look the same and everybody looks at me the same way and everything is exactly the same and I can't anymore.

"I want to run and I want to scream"

"I will break up with Ivan"

"Ivan should had died in Spain"

"You were not ready, Sofi". And I broke down and I did scream. The tears flowed and the pan did, too. And I scream at the pillow but the night heard. And it cried with me.

Luis and my grandma saw me today. I was wearing the flats and had make up and the blouse.

Everyone messed up again, at least once. Jessica and Paola called me Ivan accidentally. Jessica did not notice, Paola did correct herself.

"Sofi, would you let me put make up on you someday?"

I nodded. Of course. There is no shame anymore.

Paola brought her son, Diego. At first he stayed in her arms, with a pacifier in his mouth. In the park we walked, he laughed. Paola made faces to him and he was laughing full of life. Both of them were. I remembered my dream and felt envy.

They talked about their parties of 15 years old. Party or trip, they said.

This time I didn't think about myself. If I would had wanted one even now that I accept myself. No, this time I saw the girl in her white dress taking her pictures and I thought of whispering to Catherine "When we have a daughter, we won't give her a party."

I felt a nod in my throat and a surge of sadness and emptiness that filled me instead.

I'll never have a daugher nor a son. I've never wanted to be a father. I would never be able to.

I'll never be able to be a mother either. I'll never be able to be a parent.

I got my wish, I guess.

### 2016-06-12

Two months ago I was nervous thinking about waking up early and going by myself to the lab to get my blood drawn. Tomorrow I'll wake up again, fasting, to go and get my blood drawn. Tomorrow I'll get the results in the evening, telling me how I am regarding my health. What are the levels of my hormones. Is the estradiol high? low? Where is it located in relation to other people my age, both male and female. Will my Testosterone have lowered? Will it be low enough? Have the antiandrogens made an effect this time?

Will I be seen as Sofia? Will they remember me? Will I be welcomed differently? Better, worse?

Two months ago I made a mistake. I overestimated the way I would be seen. They saw my stubble and saw me through the woman's jeans and t-shirt.

"Patient Fernandez?" "What is your name?"

I changed my voice and they saw me through it. They tried being nice. They were afraid of being rude.

The second time I knew better. I had gone feminine to the endocrinologist. Would he had talked to me differently had I gone manly? He didn't ask me about any real life experience. He saw me, he asked me about my chest. He read the evaluation.

He named the lab orders by Sofia.

I won't put any marks in the sheet this time either. The second I went straight from his consultory. No, that is not true. That's what he asked me to do, but I came home for the card. Had I been wearing man clothes I would had changed them. I would had applied make up again. This time I was recognized but the treatment was a little different. I was referred in the feminine by the phlebotomist. She made some small talk. Again they filled the sheet with the male gender. Was it because of seeing me or because of what said the computer?

Is it easier treating me when I am not ambiguous?

It hurts more being mistaken when I go all the way.

Why did I cry yesterday? I did not. I tried to sleep but I was tired. My body ached and there were music outside. I don't remember the time surrounding when I finally fell. I just opened my eyes from a dream and there were silence. The pain was still there? Is it here now?

I didn't do the exercise today. I skipped yesterday, too, although I went to the park.

"Hi... hers... I don't want to do that to her"

They try. They worry. Why can't I appreciate? Do I have a right still to feeling broken and hurt?

I posted a picture from then in the profile. I hesitated before tagging Catherine. I don't want to pressure her more after the talk of lasts nights. I doubt there will be a change soon.

Luis will wear make up tomorrow. He asked my mom what can take it away. There will be an activity in his school. He wanted to take it off as soon as it's over. Should I feel relieved?

I would had felt uncomfortable, too, but in an extreme way. I would not do the activity. I wouldn't had to fake, I would really felt sick. What would it had been what troubled me? Would it be liking it? Confronting my own feelings? Letting it show?

I would had thought about my mother's jokes. The comments and teasing. I may had liked it, but their teasing would had broken me. I'd feel ashamed.

Is that the same reason I have both the dress and the pair of jeans for putting on tomorrow?

Luis will leave with my father. Miguel, him and my father will leave a little after 7 in the morning. I don't know the time my mother will be departing. Will she see me? Would I let myself be seen by her?

I could explain it. I will go to the lab and I have both the orders and the patient card by this different name. It's uncomfortable looking like a boy when they ask for Sofia, even though the file says I'm male. Whatever I do, however I look, I'm trapped in a contradiction. At least this way is a secret that just me and they know.

There was a shooting yesterday, this morning. Orlando. A gay bar. 50 people are dead by it and more than 50 were injured.

John Oliver talked a little before his show about it. He didn't name the shooter. He showed the line outside a blood bank of all the people going to donate. I would had gone. I who is terrified of needles and blood. I would had given mine.

I almost cried. Even writing now my eyes are watering again. People care. People support.

I am one of the even fewer, the more alienated. Would people make lines for me, too?



### 2016-06-13

I saw you today. I realize now I'm still scared of you. I see your ghost several times each month. Sometimes when I'm driving, I turn towards the empty seat and you're there, like you used to; others I imagine you signing in and a little pop up with a notification of a new message next to the picture of you. In the morning, driving from the lab to pick Catherine, my girlfriend, I passed next to your house. For a moment I thought what would be like seeing you in your patio doing something, being seen by you. Knowing you recognized my car and saw me in a dress. I picked Cath up and went on with my day. Several things happened that you would not care. You don't care about my life, my worries and fears. It's ok. You're no longer my girlfriend. You are not even my friend anymore.

After everything I was going to end the day leaving her home. I didn't want to. I like being with her, I enjoy her company. I feel loved and cared for. I thought about going for ice cream. For a minute I forgot the surroundings. I forgot about high school, I forgot about the closeness of your home, I thought about finding someone but I honestly forgot about you. In that moment, neither you nor your phantom existed. I was free.

And then I saw him. Someone from my past. The short hair and stature, unkept beard. Why would Moncayo be there, would he recognize me? I remembered the the short movies, the recording sessions. Valeria, Roger. You. "We have to go" a screamed came to my head when I saw your hair. I did not see you still. I don't remember your face. I hadn't seen his either. He wasn't from my past, he was from your future. The scream found its way through my mouth. I had a kind of fight with Catherine because of you. She has this idea that I haven't gotten over you. I'm almost half of my words of the day writing something you will never read, so maybe she's onto something.

She's wrong, though. I am not scared of you because I still love you. I can't understand how I miss you if I feel this much hate. You represent what I fear. Every time I remember something about you, a good memory, a gesture, a gift, it all comes back. Loved ones will leave me. Loved ones will judge me. Nobody is exempt from hate.

You made me face something I hate about me, too. Why am I so ashamed? I fear the conversations you might have with your boyfriend about me, the questions, the mocking, the laughing. Would it hurt me more to know you don't even think of me? Had you turned would you had recognized me? Would it be because of my changes or because of you forgetting me?

I should not care. I should not run away. I should just leave it behind.



I wore a dress to the lab. I didn't wore it from home. I changed in my car parked in front of the house. I was seen as a girl. The sheet that was printed when they drew my blood said masculine still. I wasn't expecting anything else.

I picked up Catherine and drove her to the gyn. Why hadn't she take a pregnancy test? It should had been the first thing. I am her boyfriend. Sex with me, a male, will turn up in a baby.

We ate breakfast in a familiar but new place. I ate the usual and drank coffee. We drove to make an appointment for an ultrasound. We stopped in the beach. We watched game of thrones in that coffee place from our past.

Before all that we were in Cecut. We bought balloons for Miguel, today's his birthday. Walking there she thought she saw Laura a friend of Hilda's. Then Garab was across the street. I felt a rush of coldness stiffen my back. I wanted to turn and turn invisible just like when the nana from my mother's kinder appeared in the lab. Just like later would I run from a place of my past after seeing someone from it.

A man in a bike harassed us. I looked feminine enough to be catcalled.

After crying from the realization that I am not over my feel of shame we stopped in a park from Catherine's past. We talked and played. We laughed. We found a little dog and gave him shadow to rest.

She's not pregnant. She has tumors. Just like her mom. There is no reason for her mom being and having it worse than her.

All today was about the past and health. Medical tests, consultations, waiting and results. When I got home I saw mine. I have high glucose again, my cholesterol is still high. There is something of my liver that is high as well. I read first the first tests for an idea. When I got to the hormone part I saw first the estrogen one. "less than 10" it said. Almost nothing. Maybe that was the reason he didn't order them. Men have nothing, there was no point still.

I looked the testosterone and saw no asterisk of anormality anywhere near. I saw the four and thought I did halved it. With a low dose. Wow.

Then I saw the range. 0.1 to 0.5? No. That's not right. I didn't have .8, I had 8. Why are there female range? I looked up and saw the gender changed. Female. Sex: female.

They corrected it. Someone changed it. Saw the masculine in there and considered it wrong. A medical document, a health test. I am in feminine range.

I felt happy. And again, for a moment, I forgot about everything else.

### 2016-06-14

"I forgot what I came to ask you. Oh, yeah, if I'm chosen to give the speech in my graduation would you help me?"

I made a joke if it involved make up. I know I would feel anxious and devastated if I was in his place. I keep bringing it up because I want to tell him that I've worn, too. Yesterday I wore a dress.

"Yeah, of course". I'd feel honored to help him. He is asking because he knows I gave the one in the Scholar Merit Ceremony of my school. He heard it and liked it.

I can't find the words to tell him who I really am.

I told Hilda, though.

I asked her about our trip. "No, she sees me just as always" After I told her she was accepting and thanked me for trusting in her. People don't expect it. I don't talk at all and I'm saying this huge dark secret.

I was coming from picking Miguel up.

In the morning I received a text from Rene. He was asking if we could have our session tomorrow in the morning. I saw the message instantly and tried to answer him. I was out of service. He called me shortly after.

I picked Miguel up in my shorts and t-shirt and flip flops. I had to take the right one off to push the pedals. There I was sending the messages to Hilda and waiting for the answer. I stopped in an Oxxo to put credit in my phone. We continued the conversation home. I can't open up to Miguel and Luis and I look for semi-friends. People who don't know me, who have not shared that much time with me. Those who I might cut loose and never see them again.

Catherine was coming and going the whole day. We have not had a full conversation. The longest one was when she talked with her mom about tomorrow's plans. I asked her if I could see her. I want to apply her some tests as practice before my patient. She remembered and agreed although she had plans with Miguel.

I keep looking at the pictures I sent Jessica. The results from the testosterone. The female range, it being there, controlled, in place. "How awesome that you're getting closer to what you want, not just on the outside but on the inside, too."

I thought it was going to be two months for nothing and I was proved wrong. Half of the work is done. There are some concerns still relating to the blood glucose levels and the cholesterol. I've changed my diet and am doing more exercise, still there might be some caution.

The other one was the elevated levels of the liver substance. Is it getting strained? Would I mind getting injections? Could I apply them myself or would I need my mother's help?

After seeing the female range I look up to the data and see my name and the sex. It's marked female. I'm female. Recognized by a health institution. They corrected the mistaken male mark. It was mistaken. Was it my appearance? The levels? The more fitting female range?

Maybe it was my being in a hormone treatment. Both tests before this one I was not yet on hormones nor blockers. Maybe just admitting I was taking both of them was enough for them to change their records.

Were my testosterone to shoot up would I be sent back to that male marker?

Tomorrow I'll talk with Rene and I can tell him about it. About telling Hilda. Me wearing a dress and going to the park in Saturday, the same one I went with Monica. Seeing her yesterday and having an argument with Catherine because of them. Admitting to feel shame. Projected shame.

The worry about Catherine being pregnant. The nervous of seeing the endo the next day.

Will I talk to my parents after seeing him? Will I dare to tell my grandma?

Half of the people in this house don't know about me. Both Luis and Miguel suspect things. They've seen stuff, heard. My grandma...

When Catherine was telling me about her mom, irritating me with her baseless authority and hypocrisy about Catherine's being out of the house. I was hoping she would be disrespectful to me, that she would be disapproving of me and our relationship, having an excuse of hating her.

She might had seen me yesterday in a dress and make up. I left Catherine home and both her and her sister in law were at the door.

I want them to know, all of them.

Maybe that's why I keep practicing. The moment is getting closer.



### 2016-06-16

I forgot. Again.

Just now I'm looking at both the two blank squares. I didn't come and talk about the day with Catherine. How I went with my family to the United States in the same clothes I went to session.

I'm filled with this sudden rage.

He wished me luck with today's appointment. He had seen my results from the lab. He made no comment until the end of the consult when he specified to do just the two tests he had ordered. There was a reason after all that he didn't ordered the estradiol one. I'm not on estradiol. I am on conjugated estrogen. It's equine estrogen. A bunch of equine estrogens coming from a pregnant mare's urine. My liver is metabolizing them twice.

I am having changes but they will be slow and fewer. I missed my chance again. I learned it just after coming from his office. In two months I can start by asking him to put me under a bio identical estrogen. Would he know about them? He's supposed to be this eminence of his field. Why am I coming to so many frustrations?

I was wrong the first time. The dosage is fine. .625 is a normal dosage, just of an outdated medication. My testosterone is controlled. Does he have other trans patients?

I had today the last session of tests applications. I'm done. Now it's just interpreting them and doing the report.

I feel tired, void of all energy. I missed a second effect of the medication. "Mood swings". I'm on one right now.

I haven't talked with Catherine since the end of my session and my coming home. She noticed my cutting answers.

Yesterday we saw each other. We went to the ice cream place where we did not enter that day at the beginning of the week. I applied her the tests I gave today. That was the principal reason that she accepted to see me that day. She was going to see Miguel. She saw him.

I went to Rene, and talked with him and asked him. "Have I mentioned Monica lately?" Why just now am I sensing tears in my eyes? Was I feeling sad? Why, then, am I feeling this splurge of anger boiling inside of me? Like a sudden flash of hate and a wish of screaming at the top of my lungs.

"No", he answered me. I hadn't. It was like an unintentional show of support.

I told him some things I had not said, like my wish of getting over all of this. Letting it get behind me. Not wanting to carry the trans identity with myself my whole life.

After the ice cream and the tests and going to the chicken place we stopped in the movie theater. We could not decide what to do. We ended up going home. There were some grade school girls who talked to us and waved. "What would had they said were we holding hands?" There was a deep wish inside of me of returning to her car and kissing her in the lips in front of them.

I don't mind people seeing us and judging us and calling us names. I love her. I might be a freak, a queer, something different. And it hurts of course being attacked because of who I am. But called names because of whom I love? That's nonsense. I want to hold her hand in front of the world and share our kisses internationally.

Besides her, I'm invencible.

She does not share those feelings.

It's supposed to be ok.

I have said thousands of times that I get it. That I understand and I can wait. Why am I irritated now?

Trans people from years before had been on CEE years before. One of the girls in the forum said how they were better for her than the estrogen pills.

Two months will be not a long wait. It's the same time I've been on hormones. A little less than 60 days. August. Weeks before jhonny's graduation and Catherine's parents' wedding.

I've been invited to both. I can go to both in a dress. In one I'll be with Catherine and to the other with my parents. Is that the real difference that gives me the reason to doubt?

Again, starting from 0. It was my fault. I missed the day.

Tomorrow I'll go to the laser session.

Now I'll do the exercises and go to bed.

Will I talk to Catherine?

Am I really angry at her?

I remember the reason she gave me when we parted our ways. She was tired, she had to see Miguel later. She saw her but didn't dare to ask him. She apologized, she felt like a coward. I told jhonny. I told him and she could not ask Miguel a question.

Her parents doesn't know. She hasn't broken up with Ivan. I went with Luis and my parents to the United States with a bra and a blouse and make up.

She could not come with me, again, to the endo. I needed her. I need her.

I don't feel the right to ask those things from her. Am I entitled then to feel bad because of them?

### 2016-06-17

My estrogen comes from horse piss. Pregnant marine urine: premarin.

I did laundry today. All of them is ready and folded and put in their place. Luis was lying in my bed chatting when the last batch was crumbled besides him. The gray dress the last one I wore this week was an undistinguishable ball next of the rest of inconspicuous garments. Did he notice it? Of course not. I hesitated in grabbing it and extend it in front of him so I could fold it. I told him how I could not carry the boxes anymore. I lost my strength. That's true.

I had to shower but avoid shaving. Yesterday I shaved before leaving for Rene, some hours before noon. The lady from the spa probably didn't believed me. The last two sessions I went with 12 hours fresh shaved face. This time it would be just as I was advised, 24 hours.

I took the two pills 40 minutes before the session.

In the shower I thought about the day counter app. It's more than a month since I masturbated, the last time we had sex was at the beginnings of the month. Approximately two weeks.

I realized that the dosage of estrogen I'm on, it's not that low. There won't be much changes and there's not lots of evidence to monitor because the levels can't be tracked.

Just yesterday I realized and thought about that. In the shower I felt this flashing sting under my left nipple. I had told Catherine about the sudden aches in my breast I supposedly had experienced, but this was different. I didn't even relate it to that aspect of my life. At first I thought about a slash with the razor, a shaving burn, a spot of irritation. I did not shave, though. Did I yesterday? I didn't feel anything like that. I looked for something but there was nothing there. Then I remembered the hormones.

I decided to touch myself to have an explicit starting day that I remember. A last one, a marking point. And so I tried. I got into that familiar position of reclining to the shower wall with my face buried in my upper left arm and my right hand stroking that unwanted and almost dying member.

I could not. It had been hard lately, but there was nothing compared to this. Not even the erection was full. I resigned myself and shut the shower.

I sat in the toilet and started again. This time I could culminate the self loving session but nothing came out of it, nothing material anyway. There was a climax but not physical manifestation of the pleasure felt. Like a blowed kiss or a muted scream. This was new, too.

I went to the laser place but the parking was full. Twice I entered and exit. I found some spots in the third floor, the guard instructed me how to enter.

I was welcomed by the technician. The session was delayed by a short wait so the machine could be hot enough and ready. Today it hurt more than the two first times. Even the cheeks were the familiar hot flick of a rubber band. When the laser shots went down to my neck and chin, it was a more intense pain, a more scorching and deeper penetration of hot pain. Finally, the upper lips had me in tears. I had closed my eyes, so I didn't realize I had fogged the protection glasses until I took them off. In there the sensation was exactly as a burning red little needle sliding itself into my skin.

She asked me if I use solar protection and I lied. Before the session she asked, too if I had shaved. That was the truth. She probably disbelieved me both times. The next appointment was going to be in two weeks, she didn't ask the time, just offered the two dates.

I corrected her, but instead of giving her the fourth week, I proposed the third. In four weeks it's going to be the pride. I won't be going in a sore and dark shadow of a day after laser.

I did laundry today. I reclined myself in the washing machine to grab one of the last socks in there. My weight pushed my right breast into the edge of the machine and a blinding pain made me get up. Just at the height of the nipple. I was surprised and perplexed and took my finger to that same place to try to replicate the experience. Is that really happening?

I'm on two months now, and there are some effects. They are starting.

Liliana answered my message in the morning and I didn't dare to mention my situation. Maybe in the weekend.

Vania answered Catherine back about her situation and messages. She didn't know me that well, but she didn't expect it. About her, on the other hand, she already had some suspicions.

Catherine filled her journal and mine stays now right besides the tests I should had interpreted by now.

### 2016-06-18

Have I written the words in my tablet before? Will this be the first time? Should I write with just one finger? Or maybe use both hands.

I'm in Mexicali, sitting in the couch of my uncle in the living room. My mother, and uncles and cousins and probably my grandma, even, are in the pool. Even before coming u had decided I would not get in the water.

What was my reason?

The changes are coming fast. Yesterday I had chest pains. Even sleeping I would wake up in the night with a soreness inside of my breast under my nipple. I know I had different dreams. Now it's harder to remember how I looked and felt in those. Was I a man? Was I a woman? It's not just looks, sometimes I know I look as always, others I'm a completely different person and yet, in both of those situations I would have this familiar feeling of uncertainty of how people look at me. How am I perceived?

But that was not important in these dreams. I now there were strange unknown people with me in those different and unfamiliar persons accompanying me. None of them was Catherine. One was Monica.

There is kind of a theme in the latest dreams where she makes appearance. In most of them I have new and recent information about her. Somewhere inside our conversation is some kind of apology or gesture of making ammends. The initial kindle of a reconciliation, a new foundation of a new fraternal relation.

There is no romance. I guess. Not that I remember explicitly. Although I can recall the feeling of guilt and secrecy. Why is never Catherine in those dreams?

I decided not to mention it, just as I didn't mention either how I ask RenÃ© if I've been mentioning Monica in my sessions.

She started today's conversation with her own dream.

"we didn't know each other. We met in a hotel. There was like some kind of congress and we met there. We skipped the conference and I asked you to follow me. We got into an elevator and I took you to the seventeenth floor, the second to last. It was like a parking lot. It was like the hotel down too. Like that, but the 17th floor. And there we talked and it was cheesy...

We stayed until dawn and said our good byes. Then I don't know what happened. I kept coming back to that floor looking for you but you weren't there.

The congress was over. I sneaked into the elevator and went to the 17th floor, but nothing.

It was as if I were from the city, but you were not.

Until I stopped going.

One day I went to this party in the hotel with some friends and we were already leaving for the parking lot in the first floor and I saw the elevator's doors open and I ran. I wanted to press the button for that floor but it only reached the seventh. The doors closed and it started going up. It went up to the 18th floor but as it passed the seventeenth I saw you sitting.

So I got out in the last floor and ran down the stairs. We saw each other and I hugged you. You had two closed bottles of penafiel lemonade. You were also waiting for me.

You were dressed with the leggings and the striped blouse. Your curl was a little longer.

I was wearing a pink long dress."

Mine was some kind of trip and a house somewhere far away. It wasn't important or worth remembering. I've forgotten most of it already.

We came to mexicali to celebrate father's day. I'm alone in the living room, though.

Catherine video chatted with Carlos from Chile. Today was the match of our countries in the American tournament of soccer. They won.

My mother gave me a thousand pesos for the analysis I paid. It's just 3 weeks until pride. I'm almost out of money. I haven't interpreted the tests nor started the report. I haven't mention the wish of meeting with Liliana for asking her advice about my situation.

The changes are coming faster than ever. I'm starting the third month. Two full months have passed since I started. I'm wearing only male clothes and still I sent the picture to Catherine and she told me how I looked feminine.

I mentioned something about my shoulder hairs to my mom when my father and brother were taking the boxes to my grandma's house.

"Well, they're supposed to fade away, aren't they? That's what you said, what is expected." She was talking about the hormones. There was something in her voice, this kind of subtle thrill and excitement, as if talking about a secret in the open, just hidden enough to obscure the true essence of the unknown information.

Well, I have some hairs. All of us women have somewhere.

Was she talking about them women, or us women.

Which one do I really prefer coming from her?

Is this saved?

Yup.

### 2016-06-19

Three day streak. Yesterday I did not make any exercise. We went to Mexicali. I could had not gone and it would not had made any difference. The people, the chatting and their voices, all the noise and tumult irritated me. I sat in a chair next to the dinning table between the living room and the tv room where everybody was. Karla was with her boyfriend sitting in one of the sofas. She did't introduced him to me. Maybe she didn't realize. I was just in the middle, I was the break of the two segments in which she separated the turns of meeting.

I felt awkward when my uncle, Beto, asked everyone to mock him. Tease him. Would they treat Catherine that way? Would it be awkward? It's expected of me to taking a girlfriend to a family reunion. To them I'm the oldest son of Laura.

But I am not. I am not her son. I am not a man with a girlfriend. She is my girlfriend. But I am not whom they think I am.

I should not be thinking about that. Yesterday I had the nervousness and premeditated anxiety of them knowing. I don't fear much about Edgar or my uncles, not even my grandma now. But what about the people who don't really know much. How about Irving and my uncle and aunt? What about Ivana, the niece of my aunt Luisa?

I am that nephew of Luisa who has this pretty long curly hair.

"Oh, he was queer, alright" "He ended up being a faggot" "Yeah, he's not Ivan anymore. Now he's Sofia".

I can hear the laughs, or the awkward silences. It annoys me and scares me.

Again I took and wore only man clothes there. I looked feminine. I had a beard and yet it was out of place.

The sun was scorching and the heat unbearable. Today I had my tank dripping in sweat. There was a huge wet spot in my whole back and several dark ones in my chest. It was more than 115 F.

We stopped in the Ikea where my father and Miguel returned the furniture my uncle didn't really need. After there we stopped to eat in the Jack. I accompanied Luis to the subway where he ordered a sandwich. He actually ordered it in english. I felt surprised and a little proud.

Yesterday in the pool he asked for a shirt. He was covering his pecs. My mother was annoyed when she told me. It was like if it were something weird and annoying, upsetting. Does she notices the signs, too? There are too many already.

He cried when they cut his hair, and now he covered his chest in the pool? It's not just paranoia anymore.

After crossing the border I asked them to stop at the pharmacy. My father came with me. He bought a packet of pads for my mom. I asked for estrogen and anticonceptive pills and he bought pads. He was there when the pharmacist returned with the purple and pink box and told me how they were out of aldactone. I asked for the generic and he gave me a different one from another lab. My father paid for everything.

My mother, yesterday when we stopped after the first booth, gave me a thousand pesos for the amount I paid in the blood work. Now I have a little more than two thousand. The pills are stocked for a month. The happy pills I have two weeks, but in Costco they are dirt cheap. Less than two dollars for two weeks.

I have a throbbing headache and Catherine asked me to not interpret any tests while she did the dishes.

It's sunday, I have three days without today to finish the report. I have to finish tomorrow, at least all the tests but the MMPI. I have the Rey complex figure, the rey learning test, Bender, Machover, HTP and MMPI. 6 tests. The most complex is the Inventary, although that's the kind of work I enjoy the most.

I got distracted. I thought I had finished already. I was reading the manual of the Rey complex figure. I opened up Facebook and considered sending a message to Melissa telling her about me.

My head still hurts. I ate three tacos of lamb in the morning and in the evening 10 nuggets with fries. I sweated all day and had to endure the sun. I don't think I'll do the exercise nor the tests today.

It's sunday, it's father's day.

Today I'll rest.

### 2016-06-20

Today I'm again a penguin.

I remember the day I lost my more than 190 days of continued writing. It was all for naught, like an immense tower clashing down. Now it's funny starting again. Small numbers change quicker. The four will turn into a five, when the week before it was a 0. The other bigger number will turn into a 60. 90 will be the third month, a little after pride. 120 will be a little after the next appointment to the doctor. The fourth month checked when I'll attend jhonny's graduation and the Catherine's parent's wedding will be done.

What will happen then?

Catherine came and we lied in my couch to watch television. The second to last episode of Game of thrones we saw here. The Battle of the Bastards. Jon Snow fighting for his brother Rickon, against Ramsey Bolton. After that, we saw the first episode of Orange is the New Black. Miguel got home a little after Catherine arrived. I was offering her an apple when the sound of the keys made us turn.

I did the exercise. I weighted myself before Catherine came. I had put on my shorts and tank. I stepped in the scale and expected a bigger number than before. I've eaten without care and skipped various days of activity. I was surprised when the number was lower than the one that gave me the endocrinologist last thursday. 79.1 kilograms. It's higher than in high school, higher still than my return from Spain.

I'm comfortable anyway. I'll keep losing it. Today was my first day of rest from the Elrredin, or premarin, or horse piss.

My mother arrived after Catherine took me home, yet she entered first as I was sitting in Cath's car chatting about the procedure of SRS in Thailand. Will I do the procedure? Do I want it?

We went to the Kasas Cafe outside the high school, in the plaza where I will park my car the day after tomorrow before walking to Rene's session.

My mother said something that made me cry. I had forgotten about the app. Will the number of days since crying will ever reach a number higher than 7?

She asked me directly had I congratulated my dad yesterday for his day. "You didn't either, did you? None of you did. He told me."

She's right. I did not. I did not hugged him or congratulated him, I didn't thank him for all he's done. I didn't smile at him or even see him to his eyes. I can't even type a sentence without closing my eyes to clear them from tears.

Why is it that I'm crying? What is it that makes me sad? He's the one who should be disappointed, not me.

I told Catherine how I was ashamed of it. I can't even imagine going and doing it. I am not his son. I am not his daughter, either. How can I congratulate him?

It's not that he's not my dad, he is, he is my father and he's always been. It's not what he is or isn't. It's what I am not. It's his day, not mine. But how can I note him when I don't fulfill my role?

Sometimes I do wish I had no parents. Not because I am ungrateful, not because I would want better ones, but because I don't know what to do with what I have.

I'd give up their support and caring in hearbeat. I love it and appreciate, but I can't reciprocate. I can't see them to their eyes and show myself. I can't let them know me. They would be better with just two normal sons. Not the first one, the broken one.

Yeah, I was his pride, I was supposed to be successful and this example of man. But I am not. I am something else. I am something you get ashamed of. I am the name you avoid saying in a conversation and hope nobody asks you about. You don't want to mention me or be seen with me.

I don't want to be seen.

I do want to be seen.

I want to be able to show myself. Why am I ashamed? Why do I hate me so much?

Will the hormones change this about me? They'll with modify my body and state of mind. Will they let me love me and accept me and be pride of whom I am?

Will I ever let anybody see the real me without fear?


### 2016-06-21

I spent the whole day messing with Excel. The projective test of the human figure was interpreted in less than an hour, the four drawings and the two stories, even the symbolism. Everything was done. What was supposed to be the easy and enjoyable part ended up swallowing my whole afternoon.

Yesterday came a couple of hours ago while I was in deep trance trying to understand and come up with the complicated formulas that would give me the result I wanted. He asked me if I would like to go to a camp out day of his school. It was because of father's day. There would be games and activities and stuff. It was going to be this saturday.

I'm scared of it. I told Catherine it was because of the sports. Playing, matches. I'd end up losing. I would embarras him as a big brother and my father as a son. I am neither. How can I go when I'm stop being that person?

Will anyone notice? My body is changing. I am changing, the changes are obvious. What if Luis classmates notice and tease him?

What if they don't notice? What if everybody sees me as his big brother and we end up winning and everything is alright? Would I be happy? Would I end up wishing everything was different?

No matter what I do I end up losing.

I can't not go. I can't stay away. Go further.

I am away. I don't reach for them or look for them or approach them. None of them know my name. I haven't told anyone in this house. I wish I could skip the intermediary. Go from Ivan, the big son that is a man, to Sofia, the oldest daughter who is and looks like a woman.

I try to imagine it. Me looking the part, having the voice, the presence, everything. But it's like if there was still an essence that would never go away. A phantom of who I used to be.

Miguel called home for me if I could pick him up. He was in the Taxi stop near home, the one behind the neighborhood. I actually never took that ride back. It was always the opposite way, in the whole semester I used the taxi I never used it to return, never knew where to take it.

I planned and tried a couple of times. It was easy, take it home and just climb that hill and walk home. A couple of minutes. He called me to pick him up. I used the opportunity to put gas. Tomorrow I'll go with Rene and return home. I won't apply make up, I won't dress femininely. After my session I'll came back and finish the report. Now it's just interpreting the results and writing the conclusion.

I washed the sheets of my bed, both the ones that were in it and the other ones behind the basket of laundry.

What could I write?

Nothing interesting happened today. I made breakfast after I woke up near noon. I stayed in bed, tired. I took the second resting dose. Just two more days and I'll be back on that piss. When I grabbed the sheets and put them against my chest I felt the soreness on the right one. It's still there.

My face seems rounder. It's almost noticeable, but the change is there.

I thought about sending the picture to Chevo, the one where a father is grabbing a bottle of pills and asking "Son, what are these blue pills for?", the next vignette is a trans girl obviously feminine shrugging her shoulders.

Would he understand?

We send each other almost only sad and depressing memes. They're cynic and ironic. A dark humor. We both know the sweet pain of melancholy. It's as if we share this secret joke. We laugh of that shared pain we both remember.

We use those jokes as a way of reaching out to each other. "It's your fault that my phone is full of memes, (more, please, don't stop)".

Is that his way of being here for me? Would he get uncomfortable at that intimate joke? That's something we don't share. That's intimate. That's me telling him I'm alone at home. I'm mute and this secret is eating me from the inside. I want to tell them but my mouth is closed. I want to talk, to scream. I want to be seen, but I am terrified that after showing myself, they'll turn their backs to me.



### 2016-06-22

I went to therapy. Again I dreamed. Something like an episode of How I met your mother. Except I don't remember any episode that had a similar narrative. It was surreal by nature. I was in the place of Barney. There were different places of a house. Certain symbolic clues. I realized they had to do with my real self and not the persona I was in there. Subtext of feminization, closets, clothes hidden.

I woke up with the urge to pee. I woke by it.

I have my wallet right next to me. I payed 250 pesos to Rene today. I did not pay for the hormones, my father did. I payed for the gas when I picked Miguel up yesterday. I feel this strange desire to open it up and check its insides, count it up. I know I have the mason jar with more than 20 coins of 10 pesos.

There are, easy, more than a thousand. This week I won't earn a salary. I had to cancel the session with the patient for tomorrow.

Yesterday I spent the whole day messing with the spreadsheet of the scales of the MMPI. Today I finished another table with the punctuations interpreted. It was my surprised when I realized that she had the clinical signs of schizophrenia. Should I mention it in the report, I should had showed it to Liliana before. I don't do more tests that deal with psicosis. I don't know the Rorschach. I decided to send her a message and she read it immediately. She told me to postpone the meeting. This project would be cancelled, suspended, until we checked it thoroughly.

So it is done. We didn't agree to a day or time. I hope she doesn't call me tomorrow to appoint it for Friday. This Friday I had plans with Catherine. I want to go to the United States. I want to buy something for the pride. I want to wear something new. I want to look pretty and feminine. I want people to see us and see a lesbian couple, not a woman with her transgender partner.

Today I wore casual clothes. I had to return after the session and continue with the report. Which I haven't actually started. I've finished with MMPI, all the tests are graded and interpreted, now it's just matter of integrating them together.

Rene asked me about my meeting with the endo. I talked about the hormones and my expectations. How I am taking conjugated estrogen. Why am I not taking a bioidentical one? I'll wait two more months until I can ask him myself.

I talked a little about my dad, father's day. We didn't congratulate him and it pained me. I found it hard, impossible to do, to reach out.
I cried while I was speaking. I grabbed a tissue and continued.

My mother explained me now what was exactly what Luis asked me. It's something outside in a ranch. My father would not go. I could take him instead. Of course not.

Why am I scared of being alone with them? She came down and thanked me for doing the pasta. It's nothing. She asked me but it really was nothing. I don't mind. Was she going to ask me something else? I am scared of the silences again, but it's not the same reason.

My chest is growing. This was my second to last day of rest and the ache is still there. Fading and barely noticeable but it's there. Even with a male t-shirt, I look ambiguos. I like this ambiguity. I am comfortable in it, for now. It's intentional, I can abandon it and leave it behind. I can't embrace it and look masculine. For now. I talked how in Mexicali I looked feminine. Even with male clothes, there was something in the outfit and my face that betrayed me.

Now I have no excuse. I have to see Liliana and show her the tests. I can use that moment to tell her.

"Yeah, so I will do this with the report and the results. By the way, there is something else I was meaning to tell you. It has to do with the patients but not really with her. I don't know what to do.

See, I know you know about me, Catherine has told you, and you had me in your phone as Sofia. I am not Ivan anymore. I thought it was going to be easier staying with that persona profesionally, with patients, while I leave for the master, until I transitioned.

But that's the thing, I have started transitioning. I started laser and I started hormones. I have been taking them for 2 months now. There are some changes, subtle, not very obvious, but there are. And there will be more, and I honestly don't know what to do."



### 2016-06-23

I did the dishes. I actually surprised myself with that one. What was it? I didn't want to do the report. What about it scares me? There is not my fault, the test throw those results. They're not from the projective tests, they're textual questions she answer and admitted herself. I ran the program with the different possible erroneous answers. They are invalid. The results are valid. They all are interpreted, what scares me is making the integration, putting my own words and signing them.

The most I could do is write in the report a recommendation to follow up with the evaluation with a more experienced psychologist or psychiatrist.

I'm scared of asking of Liliana the follow up meeting. What is it, the confirmation of my work or the chat that I've been delaying?

I have to tell her. I should. She ought to know. I am in transition. I've started. I'm changing.

Right now I've just come out of the shower. I'm wearing gray shorts and a blue tank top. My face is red. Was it the hotness and humidity of the bathroom? That has never happened before. My skin would be softer and clearer. Is this it? I look different in the mirror, my face has had tiny subtle changes. They're more than welcome.

My father asked me today to carry the gallon of water. I could not tell her I can't anymore. I tried. It was the one with the handle so I grabbed it from it with one hand and supported with the other. I could, I carried it to the kitchen. I put it against my chest and a soft pain in the right breast caught me off guard. Today was the last day of rest. Tomorrow I can start again with the blessed piss.

I told my parents that I'll go to the United States tomorrow. I have the money. A little less than a thousand and a half pesos. Less than 80 dollars. A little more than half.

I drank the mason jar of lemonade soda. It tasted like glory. I'm supposed to hate the sugary drinks and yet this one was amazing. Was my sugar low? I did the exercise and ate a bowl of cereal for breakfast. I ate after Luis and my mother arrived home. One torta and a plate of pasta. I don't think I'll eat anything more.

Today I weighted myself. 78. something kilograms. Was it half? More or less? Anyway, the number keeps coming down. It's a week after being weighted in the doctor's office. Almost a kilogram. That's great. It could be the losing of fat or the shedding of muscle. I hope it's the latter.

I think I'll refill the glass with water.

I can check if the redness has receded.

It's less red.

Who knows.

What is it that I want to buy tomorrow? Catherine will pick me up. The plans changed. She'll pick me up and I'll pay for the parking. Had I a coin in the car? Maybe from there I could pay it. How much dollars would I get? Will they be enough? Which would it be a better outcome, returning home with all my money or not having enough money to buy what I liked?

I decided to wear the leggings and a blouse, the one with the duck tail behind. Will they be feminine enough? Will I look too feminine?

Being trans is not illegal. It's not reason enough for keeping me from crossing the border. I should not be nervous.

The report is still unfinished. I'm halfway through the results. I don't think I want to write the conclusions until talking with Liliana.

Luis asked me today about pseudohermaphroditism. He didn't use the term, but yeah. It was something I said. I said I had no penis, not anymore. I sold it.

He's 12 but not stupid. Does he get me?

Tomorrow he won't go to school. He'll be home when Catherine comes pick me up. Will he see me? I honestly don't care. I thought about saying something about my legs. Showing them to him, telling him to see them, feel how soft they are.

I dreamed something about him. No, not him. It was Miguel, he had a seizure and I tried to see if it was an embolism. He was faking and continued saying how I was not able of taking care of nobody. My mom agreed with him. I cried and tell them to fuck themselves thinking how I will never have children. The other dream I took something from Luis, a little chain. I stole it. Why?

In another one, I was in a bar. Was I in hiding? I was doing something or waiting for someone. The girl was next to me in the border of the second floor. She was talking to nobody and annoying me. I told her she lost her watch. When she reclined to see I threw her off.

The third one was different. It wasn't me. I wasn't me. I was a young boy with a group of friends. We were in this kind of party or reunion inside a house. They called me Ivan, but I didn't look like him. I don't think I was wearing any costume. In the couch I was seating in, I found a red female necklace. It was ugly. I wore it to be funny or something. The people who were with me saw me no differently. Zayra came out of nowhere wearing this flowery dress. She came to say hi and approach us. She didn't recognize me. "I thought it was Ivan, because he's always with you, but no... you're dress as a lioness, how cute". She touched my hair. I didn't understand. I was seen female.

After it some things happened. I realized people who saw me put on the necklace didn't see me different, but those who saw me with it, kept seeing me as a girl even taking it off.

When I talked with Hilda and she didn't recognize me proving my theory right, I told her my name was Sofia.

It's easy trying to analyze the meaning of the necklace and the relationship with kept being seen as what I was before.

### 2016-06-24

Luis is right beside me. We're joking about Magikarp. He tried throwing me my own pillow while I'm typing. "Magikarp, I choose you".
He continued with the joke about Professor Oak, "are you a boy or a girl?".

Is he joking because of something.

He asked me what did I buy. I told Catherine I would tell him, jokingly, that I'd bought dresses. I did not tell him that. "Clothes", I said. I did buy dresses. I could not tell him and yet I grabbed the keys and went for the bag in the car. "Can I see what you bought?" I told him no.

"I'm talking with my mom. Finish your words."

I started them. Something happened. "Tell me when you're finished." "Is everything alright?" "We talk soon."

Is it about me? Maybe she saw the Facebook, maybe it's because it's late. Did she tell her she helped me buy clothes?

I was supposed to leave before Luis got up. I woke up early in the morning. It was even before 7 when I had my eyes open and had left the dream. It was again with Monica. We were in a hotel in Spain, not the two of us. We were four. Was the beds shared or the rooms? I remember that I share something with Homero, from grade school. The other ones were she and Mariana. There was something weird in Mariana. It was as if she were one of Monica's friends from college. As if she liked her more than me.

I remember getting in to the bathroom to get dressed and ready. The two girls would leave and I wanted to be with them, close, near. I had to hurry. Why did I want that? I remember seeing the black bra in the bed and Homer noticing it. He grabbed it and played with it. It was mine, I was nervous.

The whole dream was weird and uncomfortable. I don't want to share those times even with her memory. I try to get away, but I can't. Why can't she stop appearing in my life?

I waited until 10:30 un the morning to leave the house. Luis got down from his room. I was wearing the leggings and the striped blouse. I had just make up. In the border crossing several people approached us as ladies or called us girls. Luis saw me that way but said nothing. Since then almost everything was hard.

There was traffic leaving my house. The road that usually takes me 3 minutes, lasted me 20.

After picking her from her house, we took the highway. There was a strike of the transportists. We got to the zone of the border by near noon. There was no free parking. The parking lots were all full. Everywhere, everyone. I actually thought the trip would be cancelled. I would end up dressed and with the wallet full of money.

We got in a parking lot from downtown. After two cabs we were in line waiting. An hour and a half approximately after, we bought the tickets of the trolley. The first place was In n Out. We bought burgers and fries. None of us dared to ask for the spread.

She finally did. It was delicious. We took the trolley back to the Plaza las Americas. The first store was Old navy. In everyone I used the dressing rooms. In there I tried two dresses. One white and the other denim. The denim we both liked, but it was too tight. The button in the middle kept popping itself out. The white one was too loose down in the torso but the shoulders were tight.

The second store was one we both never had gone. Two dresses as well. The first one white and the second coral blue. Both were A-cuts.

"I want a dress" I felt an uncontrollable sensation in my insides. It was a combination between a tingle and a nervous shock. The anxiety of an unexpected fear and the excitement of a new discovery.
"What kind?" She took a normal amount of time to answer. I will never know what went through her head or what was her reaction. I could not see her. Those were the first statements I dared to declare, both to anyone and myself. I didn't expect that. A continuation, "keep going". I did not know.
"For you, an A-cut"

The white one fit better than the last. It was L. The coral blue was Medium. After seeing the white one I didn't expect it to fit. Catherine offered to look for a medium one. I said yes, but wore it anyway.

It fit amazing. I liked how I looked, my body, my face, my hair. I could not believe how It fitted. I did not buy it. The color was not of my liking.

I spent most of my money in Ross. In that dressing room, I took the limit of garments permitted, 8. The lady in there liked my hair and complimented me on it. After that she sent both of us to the left, the ladies section. Do people notice I'm trans and treat me nice because of it, with their smiles and compliments. Or are the amenities precisely because they don't know?

In there 4 things were discarded and the other four put to consideration. I bought three of them and paradoxically left behind the dress I liked the most. It was a dark brown or gray dress with black in the end of the skirt. The skirt was long and formal. It looked classy. Catherine described me as a girl going to church. "You could use it to the ceremony of the wedding of my parents."

If I liked the way I looked in the dressing room of the New York store because of how the dress fit me. I liked the way I looked in that dressing room of Ross because when I saw me wearing it in the mirrors of it, I was not embarrassed, I was not uncomfortable nor vulnerable. I looked like how I felt in the inside, like a woman.

I would wear it in front of Catherine's parents and the world.

I am indeed changing.

### 2016-06-25

I don't know why, but right now I feel like lying in bed and closing my eyes and let myself drift into slumber. Why am I so tired?

I told my parents about my patient. I said no names and no way if identification. Was it a breach of confidence? There is no connection from me to them. I shouldn't had said it.

My father yesterday asked me if I wanted to go to the United States today. I could had bought the shoes. I wouldn't had to wait that much. I fell asleep with the thought of having all those new clothes that I could not really wear. I tried them, I tried most of them and saw how they fit. Why had I still the idea of them not fitting, of having made a huge mistake?

Yesterday I took the pill, too. This is not the first day of restarting. Am I feeling their effects again? This fatigue and loss of energy, the changes of mood, the hopelessness. Are these because of the pills?

I bought a lot of things in the stores, both yesterday and today. Yesterday it was clothes and dresses and stuff. Today I bought razors and shaving cream and sun blocker and a nick stick and a filer for the papers and tests and reports. After returning home, I ordered the printer from amazon and a stick of alum and a pack of soaps. There was something else in there. Oh, right, a daily cream with sunscreen.

Sunscreen, that's the real translation.

Why am I feeling lighthearted? Is it the lack of testosterone? Maybe the estrogen pills aren't doing its effects. I'm blocking this hormone and the supply of the other one is not effective. I'm low on fuel.

I ate more than other days, and drank tea. It's not a matter of energy. I woke up early. I know I dreamed something again but I can't recall it.

In target I wandered through the girls section. I looked at the clothes, mostly the jeans. The sizes, the prices. Why did I feel so, uh, ...

I'm having a hard time even writing these words. Should it be a matter of concern?

My mother went out today with Norma and Jessica. She went to this show of opera of her ex-student, the friend of Diana. In target, when I checked Facebook, both Diana and Jessica appeared me on the list of people I might know. Diana had Yarely and Catherine as common friends. Jessica had none. Was it yesterday when my aunt Paty appeared me as well? Miguel, Caio, the italian girl, Gabriel. Lots of people appeared in that thing, and if they appear in my page, it's fair to think I might appear in theirs.

How many times have I seen somebody and not being noticed. Did Monica see me that day I was wearing a dress?

How many times have I been seen and not realized it? Maybe right now Jessica is asking my mom about the pictures where it looks like I'm wearing make up, or the facebook page with the Sofia Fernandez name.

I should be doing the exercise. Yesterday I skipped becuase I walked. Today I did not. I have no excuse today.

I took the clothes and put them in the closet. I locked the door and spread the dresses over my bed. First I wore the white blouse I bought for under the dress. I wore it and took a picture of Catherine. I saw myself in it, my body looked boxy. I did not look like a girl, well, yeah, but not really. I have not shaved and am not wearing any make up, my hair is a little messy and I feel bloated. I took the picture anyway and saved it.

In the tv, before we left in the morning, was the show of stephen colbert. The guest was the drag queen Ru Paul. I didn't know and asked who it was. My father rewinded it so we could see his welcome. I regretted it as soon as it happened. They talked about drag and coming out and he was talking about this thing that might appear have a relationship with me but they're totally different.

I felt, I don't know...

I wore the blouse and the shorts I bought. The thing that supposedly tie around my waist made me feel as a crossdressing man. I have no waist. I have no curves. There was un-stretched excess of material in the "curvy" shorts were my hips should be.

I feel dysphoric. I don't like the term but that's what I feel and tried to describe when I talked with Catherine about how I felt as if I didn't belong when I saw the clothes. How the image of them never fitting my body crossed my mind and brought me pain.

Lastly I worn the blue dress. I saw myself in it and was a little unnerved when I could not accommodate the plights of the skirt. I could not find a pose for my body to rest as the picture was taken.

There was difficulty in every attire of clothes when I tried to take them off. It exacerbates the sensation that they don't fit, that my body is huge.

Ru Paul kept referring in the feminine. Why would he go to the gynecologist? He's a drag queen, he's a gay male who dresses "in drag", as he himself describes it, to perform a show. He's not a woman. He doesn't feel or sees himself as one. He just dresses as one, disguises himself as one. He uses his femininity and wears it as a costume.

I felt similar with the snaps of jhonny. He said "cansada time", he was tired of looking "bonita". Why kept he using feminine words? He's a man. Does he sees me like that? Like a man playing a woman? Like a man playing?

I told Catherine I disliked the idea of them using the look of a woman as a disguise. But isn't that what I'm doing as well?

"Drag queens perform their shows and they took their dresses off and lived their lives again as men. Transgender women, never stop being women."

I do, I, as well, perform my show and took the clothes and make up off and live my life again as a man. I wear the clothes as a disguise, I hide. I am ashamed.

I am not a drag queen. It's not that I am not trans either.

I'm just a coward.

### 2016-06-26

Why am I feeling like crap? I did it, I went to the United States and bought all those clothes. I tried them on yesterday and I didn't look awful. They fit, I guess.

Why am I this tired? I continued the hormones again. They are supposed to lift my mood and give me energy. Today I woke up near 6 in the morning. I fell asleep hours after Catherine. I'm exhausted. I got up to eat breakfast and returned to bed. I slept all the way until the first hour of the afternoon.

I haven't finished the damn report. I didn't send the text message to Liliana to schedule the meeting. I haven't done nothing at all. Yesterday I saw myself in the mirror and saw my face changed. It has been changing, the cheeks are fuller and the lower side is narrower. The skin is thinner, too.

Even after two days of no shaving, there are traces of femininity in it.

Why do I feel like an abomination, then? Days keep passing by, counting on. Changes will keep coming.

Anahi told us about going out. It was yesterday, I think. I told her I did want to go. I do. I've been telling Catherine I feel like going out for a drink and having a good time. She doesn't ignore me, but I don't get an answer either.

She had said a date but I missed it. I thought it was about making plans on thin air. The second of July, this saturday. Fine, I have nothing. The days start coming until after the first week. The seventh is Luis graduation, and the next day the next appointment of laser and then the next week, pride.

Until the next month I'll see the endocrinologist.

There is no urgency. Actually, this going out will be sooner than I'd like. "What can I wear?", I asked Catherine. I expected, and actually explained myself later, just an idea of an outfit. A draft, something to later make my mind upon. She answered me almost instantly: the blue dress.

The new blue dress. I don't have shoes to wear with it. I could use the black flats. Whatever. But, really? Could I wear it?

Would she come pick me up? Would I drive? How would I left home? Would I dare to leave home with make up and a dress? I'd be seen. I haven't said anything to my brothers and told almost nothing new to my parents. Just typing this now makes my eyes tear up. As if I'd committed a huge betrayal.

So I'll have to hide again, then... Change in the car before leaving and change before entering home. Catherine asked me if I didn't want to drive. I told her I didn't mind. I actually forgot my huge discourses of how I've been hating driving lately. I know my father could offer me to drive me and pick me up. Would I let him?

What is it that I fear? Them seeing me? A comment? No, I feel my dad's reaction and worry.

"Will you go out dressed like this?" And those judgmental eyes filled with worry and shame. If he, that he's my father, sees me that way, how would other people, strangers, act around me? What will I do if I get into trouble? Maybe policemen will come and harras me because I'll look like a prostitute, I'll be seen as cross-dressing whore. Maybe the bouncers in the bars won't let me enter because of the difference in the picture of my id and name and how I'll look. Maybe people in side the bars will call me names and laugh at me, maybe drunk people will approach me and rape me or worse.

"What will I do? What am I doing? Am I really going out like that?"

"Aren't I scared or worried?" "Are you out of your mind?"

Yes. I am, I am sick and broken and damaged goods.

Why am I bawling my eyes like a little child? It hasn't even happened. I can avoid all that. He doesn't have to know.

Not yet, not now.

Nobody has to know still


Yesterday I was in Target when I saw the pages of those people. I told Catherine I would be posting the post in the next few weeks. But if I can't even start a conversation with Melissa how am I going to tell everybody?

Before that I have to tell Luis.

We both know he knows already. Why are those words stuck in my throat?

### 2016-06-27

After finishing yesterday's words I could not stop crying. The text Catherine received from me said that I had finished and was already lying in bed. I can't remember the theme of conversation. She said something, talked about something. Was it a question? I stated how I was crying. Tears kept coming and coming, sorrows getting stuck in my throat, the pain flowering from my stomach all the way to my mouth and nose and eyes. I closed my eyes, but it kept leaking, flowing out like a river falling in a waterfall.

What was it that put me in that state? Were they thoughts or feelings? Did I imagine something? I might had feared some approaching threat.

The last things I wrote about were the possible comments and warnings my dad would give me after seeing me in a dress, ready to go out saturday night.

I feel caged in my own secret. It's not home, it's not silence, it't not intolerance. What is it that keeps me trapped? Is it fear, shame?

I cried and cried. I kept crying while I copied yesterday's words to Catherine's conversation. I was turned to the wall with my eyes puffed and my cheeks red. The pillow was soaked and room darkened. The only light was from the phone turned down to the mattress and the tablet streaming music from spotify.

Did we talked about it? How I feel. I confessed how she made me feel worse when she asked me to change the subject. She apologized. It didn't matter, I said. It doesn't.

"It does matter. You matter, Sofia"

I don't feel it that way. I stated it. She answered back an hour later but I was already asleep. I saw the message at dawn, when I woke up from one of the different dreams I can't remember. In one of them I threw a kick to the wall and the pain in my toes brought me to full consciousness.

I should be finishing the report of the patients. Everything is done, I've applied the tests and interpreted them. All of them are ready. Now, it's just a matter of transcribing what is it that I found. I wanted, I've been meaning to send Liliana a text asking for a free time so we can chat. Today after returning from the dinner of Miguel I sent her the message. She saw it almost instantly but there was no answer.

I could had called her.

The report isn't done. I purposely waited until the afternoon so she would not ask me to come in an hour or two.

I'm scared of what she could tell me. I am scared of what I have to tell her besides the results of this patient. I have not seen her in weeks. Will she notice the changes?

She has to know. I will tell her, I can't wait any longer.

Catherine came today. She left home a little later than she had planned. Her grandpa has not returned since yesterday. He's lost. He did not come back from work. Even now, they still have no news of him.

He passed to the wings place and ordered some. I made french fries and boneless and even made some of my own spread similar to the one in In N Out.

We watched the final episode of Game of Thrones while we ate the food. I knew we would do something to celebrate Miguel's birthday. I did not congratulate him. I did not buy him a gift or made anything to him.

Not even a happy birthday.

He got home while I was doing my hair. I decided to wear something feminine. Woman's jeans and a blouse. On top I wore a shirt to cover the outline of the bra. When I exit to receive her she saw me. I asked her, but she told me I looked like a girl. I did not mind. I wanted to, I wanted to seem feminine when my parents come home, I wanted to be seen, noted. I wanted to say about this saturday. I'll be out. I don't know what I will wear. I want to wear a dress.

I want to. Why does it feel even weird to type it? It's nothing to be ashamed of. I am a woman. I am trans. I look like a woman. Women wear dresses. I bought it, it's mine. I should be able to wear it and be outside in it.

Why do I still have the need to hide it.

Catherine helped me to select even more clothes to get rid of. I filled a black bag. Some of them I gave to Luis. I could tell my mother about it tomorrow. Get the subject out.

"I took a lot of clothes out of my closet. Some they don't fit anymore, and some I don't like. They're too manly." Maybe she can ask about the clothes, the changes, the hormones.

Yeah, I've been changing. I've been going outside in female attires and being seen as a girl. And I like it, I feel at home.

Not like here, where I have to hide in my own secret.

### 2016-06-28

Little things do I hate more than having the hiccups.

I did today's and yesterday's exercise. I finished the report. I did the first half of the results lying one the couch watching the movie of Big Hero 6. The second I finished it here in my desk. Miguel arrived after noon. It was maybe 2 or 3. I disconnected the printer to connect my laptop. He was lying in the whole couch asleep.

I had to stop writing because of those damn hiccups. The jumping make my hands miss the keys.

I did the exercise early today, the amount of two days. I sweated and went to shower. In the morning after eating breakfast and taking the pills I went to my mother's restroom. I looked at my reflection and saw my face. The skin is noticeably clearer. There are changes from before. Even in the pictures of yesterday, where I don't I even like how I looked, my face looks different. The chin is less pronounced and my cheeks are fuller.

Tomorrow I'll see Rene. What happened this week? I went to the united states and bought clothes. I used the dressing rooms and bought dresses. I wore the gray and black one. I tried several in different stores. I spent most of my money. I have the attire I can wear in the pride Parade.

Anahi invited us to the party, this saturday. I talked with Catherine about going or not. I can see myself wearing something different. Now it's not so far away the idea of really going to the graduation dresses as a girl. It's two whole months and spare days until the day come. By then Luis and Miguel have to know about me. After them knowing, after everyone in this house seeing me I will post the Update.

What is it that keeps me from talking with Luis? We don't talk seriously. We joke and share insults and memes. With Miguel is even less than that. Could I tell Miguel first? Just even thinking about it makes me nervous. It's not him knowing or his reaction or what he would think or feel. It's opening up, saying it. Talking.

I'm sure Luis has noticed more, maybe suspects or knows more.

It doesn't matter. This week I don't think they'll know.

I had thought about telling my mom about the clothes I took out. Did I saw her? She arrived with Luis. She asked me why Luis thought my grandma had come. That was the conversation we had.

Tomorrow I'll see Rene. I sent him the text message asking him for the time. I referred myself as Sofi. A little later I sent another to Liliana asking her if I could see he tomorrow. Her son answered me telling me she would call me when she gets up.

I haven't received anything new.

Tomorrow I'll dress even more feminine. I'll wear the shorts I bought and a t-shirt with a long neck.

I almost weighted myself today. I had made the exercise. No, I've done just half of it. I stepped with one foot on the scale and saw the numbers fluctuate. Yesterday I did nothing. I went to bed without finishing the report nor doing the exercise. Catherine felt bad, tired, nauseous. Today when she was showering she felt lightheaded and had to get out of the shower.

Her grandfather came up today. They did took them after going out to party. Everything is fine.

What am I nervous about? Seeing Liliana, telling her about me. She knows, probably more than Luis but possibly not much. Even then opening up and telling about the name and saying it and asking for her help makes me feel uneasy. Besides it, facing the client doesn't make me feel as stressed. That was it. The test, the results. I graded it after seeing him. I could had used his counsel.

This thursday probably I won't see her. The next one will be Luis' graduation, and Friday will be the laser session. This saturday will be the meeting, going out. Will I dare going out and be seen by my parents? Why am I scared and nervous? Is it the comments, their eyes, their faces? Do I mind the thinks they will say, to my face or my back? Or are more the things I will see? Maybe is their thoughts and feelings. Those I can't change nor control. They feel it anyway sooner or later. There is no difference if they see me this saturday or next week or next month.

It doesn't matter if the've known for a week or a year. The impact of seeing me different, changed, will be the same.

I avoided the mirror for months. What did I think and feel when I finally dared to see?

### 2016-06-29

I know I dreamed something today. I had to wake up so I could go to the bathroom. I was in a movie theater. The halls were full, and showing different movies. Was I with my family or alone? No, I was with some people. The whole day I hadn't thought about it. I was running down the flights of stairs. I got into a bathroom. I stood in front of the urinal, the flyer of my pants open. Did I think about which one to use? Did I consider the clothes I was wearing or how I was presenting?

I woke up and went straight for the bathroom. People stop wetting the bed in their early years. I've never told Rene how I never really stopped. There were always single moments after they had ended. Almost routinely every two or three years. I remember being in jr high, being in highschool. Was I once even in college?

It never occurred to me to think about the context of those situations. They were always accidents. One dream, I try holding it in but woke up with the pajamas wet and warm. It was shameful and embarrassing. It was not a call for attention or help, it was not regression.

For a time I actually thought there was something wrong with me. I developed the habit of trying to go to the restroom just moments before falling asleep.

I was woken up today by my mother but not in the usual way. My cellphone started ringing and I picked it up. I didn't think it would be Liliana, I didn't think it would be anyone specifically. It was her, she asked if I would go out today. I answered yes but didn't say where. When? I answered. She forgot her purse. She told me why it was important of her to have it as if she needed to give me a reason to ask for a favor.

I could take it to her. Just before therapy. I did.

I showered and shaved and shaved and combed my hair with my fingers and put sunscreen and make up and tied my shoes. I looked very feminine. I liked it. I didn't care.

I drove to her school. I parked in a second lane and got of the car with two purses. Her and mine. I wore sunglasses but my lips were red. The shorts covered most of my thighs but my calves were bare and smooth. Did anyone see me enter? I walked towards her classroom. She was outside surrounded by her class moms. She approached me and her eyes were open. For a second they were wide. As if she was surprised. Was it because she recognized me out of the blue? Wasn't she expecting me? Was she expecting me looking different?

There were no comments or exchanged words. Neither of us said anything. "I have to go" I really had. I drove towards therapy.

I sent snapshots to Eusebio and Jhonny. I saved two of them. Jhonny asked me if I had nothing to do while I waited. I could try painting my nails.

There was a message in my phone that caught me by surprise. It was Johanna. Two of them. She apologized for not answering before. That was the only thing I saw before the next one came in a second notification. How am I doing, how's life lately?. I swiped the notification to get it out view. It scared me. I thought and made peace with her rejecting me, forgetting me.

I mentioned it to Rene after talking about my patient and Catherine's parents' wedding and jhonny's graduation and this saturday's dressing situation. Catherine told me to see it, read it before I entered with Rene. I did. The message was longer than I had thought. In it she mentioned what I said before. She's happy for me, if it makes me happy, she's impressed with what I've accomplished.

Why do those words mean nothing for me no more?

It's supposed to be better to have less rejecting people. It's absurd to be disappointed that the number in the people who gave up on me shrank.

My eyes teared up in this subject. I related Johanna with Monica. Both of them were my friends, closer than most people in times I was alone. Both of them ended up in silence. And then she came back out of it, she's happy for me, she continued the conversation, she cares.

And the other one...

The other one will always be gone.

She's the only one who have rejected me. Why does that hurt more than having several people denying me?

### 2016-06-30

I'm not out of home. I didn't get out of the city or went to an amusement park. I'm here, I'm in my room. I'll type them here in the phone. The lights are out, but the sun still illuminates the room besides mine. The tablet is playing a son of the son of John Lennon.

I am sad, I am tired. The whole day I spent it crying. Last night the conversation with the three of us in whatsapp dealt with this Saturday. I have less money than I thought. I ought to put gas. I won't be able to leave the house wearing the dress. I'll hide again and change outside home because I'm so coward I don't dare to show my parents what they already know. I won't be able to drink. There was no point in me even going. Yesterday the conversation with Catherine ended when she asked me how I was and if I wanted to talk. It wasn't that I didn't. So I stayed awake a couple of hours still.

This morning I put the clothes out which I was going to wear. I tried the blouse after showering. I didn't like it. I didn't like how I looked. I hate how I look.

I changed a couple of times and ended ironing one of the new ones. I wore that one. It wasn't that I liked it more. I just hated it less. I hadn't worn it before.

Catherine, before me getting out of bed sent me a text telling me that jhonny had just said that he had a meeting, so we could see us an hour later. She'd pick me up a third after two.

She was late. She told me how she was leaving home. She got stuck in traffic, and missed the exit and then a red light. The last message said that she was already late so she'd buy gas.

"it doesn't matter, you're almost always late"

A little after she sent me a text message saying that she was here, and an audio asking me to be walking outside. She was angry, no, she was upset. She asked me why the text. Why did I say that? To tell her something, say something. I stayed quiet, silent. My mouth was shut. I apologized but she insisted, she asked again and her eyes got misty, her lips started trembling. I put my head on her arm. I wasn't consolling her. I wanted to hide. I was ashamed.

Shame. Will I ever stop being ashamed?

That was how we met today. She stopped for gas and the whole trip there was silent. I kept crying a little, trying to hold the tears. In the parking of the cafÃ©, I couldn't kept them in. The whole ball of emotions escaped my hands,and rolled and rolled and became this huge thing that was unstoppable and uncontrollable.

We stayed there until jhonny arrived. I kept letting it out. Talking about what I can't remember. No. I was silent. I said nothing and cried all.

We got out and she ordered. I asked for nothing. She offered me some of her chips but I declined. I don't deserve food. I want to starve until I shrink and become invisible.

He talked with us about Miguel, what happened, his job, stuff.

I tried to smile. I could for a while. Did he see the tearmarks on my cheeks or the redness of my eyes? No, of course not. Nobody notices anything.

We talked about where could we go next. A park, maybe. The beach still? She decided to go to the one in front of the Mexico Institute. I said nothing about it, and even I offered the Hacienda one.

We ended up on Playas. She parked near the park in front of the beach. We got out of the car and started walking towards the beach. I saw a black pick up getting out. I was going to joke it was my dad just before I started considering. I saw the model, the color, the shade of the man driving it.

I turned so he would not be able to see me. And it hurt me, the action, the shame. We were just talking about him.

I talked about something before jhonny. She told me about Anahi and how she reacted after my message.

"Don't get angry at me", she told me after I answered. Near the beach we sat and I continued crying and talking. The conversation was the same, this Saturday the options we had, what we could do.

Uber, Anahi's brother, my changing at her place. Those do nothing with my problem. I'll still be hiding, I'll still be a coward.

I'll never stop being Ivan the cowardly boy.

Las time I wrote here it didn't saved. I hope this won't be like that.


### 2016-07-01

I didn't realize a new month had just begun.

In the morning I woke up after last night filled with sorrow and tiredness. I slept an hour after finishing the words and woke up an hour shy of midnight. There was a message in the screen of my phone. "Aay, you really are such a woman n.n", said jhonny. Did I open it or was it just the notification?

I know there was no obvious emotion that surfaced. A smile appeared on my face and the huge and dark cloud of sadness became lighter.

A woman. such a woman. He was surprised, like, amazed. I felt validated. He saw me with eyes teary and puffy and my the tears barely dry on my cheeks.

So I fell asleep. Today I would have to say to my parents about tomorrow's plans. I'm still stressed about that. How will I leave home? It's all set with Anahi and his brother. He can take us to our homes for 100 pesos. My trip home is done. But how will I get there? Today was it, I think, when Catherine told me she could order a uber for getting to the plaza and picking me up here. Sure, that's another solution. And yet, the main problems stays unsolved. I will have to change here, I will have to get dressed and made up and stand in the living room and call my leaving and seeing them to their faces.

Am I scared of their eyes? Am I scared of their emotions and thoughts or am I scared of their words?

For months I've been scared of Luis reaction, his answer.

He came just a little after I woke up to tell my, ask me if I could pick him up from school at 1 o'clock. The whole morning I stayed doing nothing. I took up and went to the living room. I guess I watched some tv. I haven't picked up the book. I actually liked it, why haven't I returned?

I made breakfast for myself. The english muffins I bought were supposed to be eaten before Miguel's birthday. The house was alone. I found a thin black belt that I could wear with the dress instead of the black one.

Now in the afternoon, after my parents came from taking Miguel to the billiards and bringing food. My mother asked something about the dishes. Why haven't anyone done them. I said that I did them the last time. She took it as if I said it was her turn. "What is it that you've done all week?... You are not doing anything. I am working the whole day, it's so tiring because these days" bla bla bla. I was hurt. I wanted to say something about tomorrow and after that I kept my mouth shut. She hit Luis in the back and he said it hurt. She kept at it and joked that she was giving him a massage, like denying guilt, acting playfully. Luis kept on explaining something about a bone or something, and she started saying how delicate he was, in this loud voice as if the joke was shared. I, annoyed by the early comments, killed her playfulness:

"Don't scream, I can't hear the tv". She did shut. He face dimmed subtly into seriousness while she grab her things. She walked upstairs, and both of us, I imagine, felt shitty.

I was going to pick him up. If I leave the house tomorrow dressed, I will have to face most of them. So, everyone had to know by tomorrow. I could tell Luis in the way back after picking him up. I imagined it. Rehearsed it in my head. Played with the words and arranged them.

Later, whe sent me a text message asking if I could pick him up an hour later. Later, my dad would sent me another one telling me that Luis would ask me to drive him to a friend's house, to confirm him after I took him there and he would pick him up in the evening.

Everything was ruined. I could not say anything if I was just a ride. How would he deal with everything just before going to this other house?

I parked and entered the school asking for him. I entered and there were two men sitting in a couch just ahead of the hall. The principal faced and asked Rossy if they said that someone would pick Luis up. I had my eyes hidden in the shades. Rossy recognized my voice and told him yes.

"Yeah, his mother said his, uh... " he looked at me for a moment and then said doubtfully, "brother... would be here"

After he got into the car, I waited for him to tell me about this other house. He didn't so I asked. No, it was cancelled.

I felt this nervousness. The words getting stuck in my throat. I made the first attempt asking if he have seen me any different. It was before entering the fast lane. I didn't say anything again until we were exiting it.

"Remember how you've been asking me about trans people? I am trans myself."

"Really?"

"Yeah" "But... how?"

"I was a girl before and turned into a boy before you were born". I looked at him, but not enough to see if he believed me or not. "No, I'm joking... the other way around. I'm turning into a girl."

I explained, how I've been going to the doctor and taking blood tests and the pills I take are hormones. "But isn't the testosterone stronger?" "Yeah, but the other pills I take block it".

"Oh, it's fine." "It's ok" "I've always wanted a sister".

He took it as if I had just told him I decided to change majors.

Am I relieved? Nothing of which I feared happen. The only one in this house that doesn't know yet is Miguel.

Luis was clueless. Or at least that was he said. I asked him about the make up or the clothes. He denied noticing. The questions? It's just because they don't appear in the books. The make up? Just lipstick once...

And that was it.

He knows even more than my parents. He knows the name, he has seen pictures. He knows me now, more than my whole family. He kept being close, with me, in my room, playing and joking as if nothing had happened.

There is still tomorrow to deal with.


