# 2016 — 23 years old

## August, 2016

### 2016-08-01

Today came upon me as a heavy rock pushing me towards bed.

I postponed the alarm clock several times until time itself moved me and screamed directly in my ear. Catherine woke up in the breaking dawn to get ready for her first day in this semester of adult school. I kept wrestling with the dreariness of a new day.

Yesterday I showered shortly after Catherine's last message. I shaved for today's session. I exited my room and my grandma offered to make me breakfast. I accepted. Is this a better mood after her support and love? Is it guilt of the baseless resentment I had towards her?
After eating I showered and got ready. I tied and upped my hair in a modest bun behind my head. I wore man's jeans and a t-shirt with nothing underneath. I like the feeling of incongruence between my little more delicate body and this boxy clothes of the past.

I looked at my thighs squeezing themselves into the skinny legs of the pants. The cotton fabric embracing them. The shy curves that barely show halfway between my knees and my waist. My nipples are more sensitive than ever. The touch of the skin of my arm is enough to make me flinch.

My mother sent me to buy her some pastry and a bag of ice. I stopped in the oxxo but they ran out of bags. I returned home. I could bring the bag after coming from the laser session. This is the last paid one. Five sessions since April. Did the first session was before I started hormones? The technician welcomed me and confirmed it was the last one. She asked me if I had worn any kind of cream. Neither she nor the other had ever asked me that before. Did my skin look different? Maybe it's smoother and clearer. I can see my own face when I gaze into my reflection.

It was both less and more painful. There are lots of zones where there are not any single trace of hair. The cheeks and neck were just uncomfortable. As she went closer to the chin the pain started to increase. The last half of the upper lip had me in tears. The glasses were different. A piece of tissue under two lenses in the shape of half grapes. I missed the older googles. I imagined I was underwater, holding my breath and drowned of any sound of the world.

5 minutes. I lasted more going there than I did inside. I returned home with the bag of ice I bought in the gas station. I told a little about my session to my grandma. Does it hurt? Yeah, it does.

I thought about the comment my mother did. My godmother told her to ask me where do I go. Jessica has gone to a place for her mustache, but it has not worked. When I started to type the thought, the first letter it appeared was an M.

My grandmother seemed excited and smiled as if this were some big breakthrough. I mean, yeah, I guess it is. It was so 4 months ago when I started. Last year I dreaded shaving in the morning and having to worry about the shadow that would show in the evening. It was like a mark that would signal my fake status.

Now I take it for granted. I've been gendered female in shorts and t-shirt. I've been gendered female without any make up. Did I even shave before going to the swap meet?

I saw the last episode of the series Preacher. And the new episode of Mr Robot. It was hard to concentrate. When Catherine returned from her day in class she showed me her progress in Pokemon Go. I felt uneasy. What was it? I felt trapped. I went out, I showered and changed and got out. It's not like I'm always here. Two nights ago I was outside in a dress, shoulders bare and lips as red as my tights. I posted the video and pictures and my mother and family and even Maru liked them. I can show myself to the world. Why am I not ecstatic?

My mother made a comment today that between women there is no fight or something like that. Luis referred to me as her a couple of times.

Everybody said Ivan, though. I can't blame them. I guess I even blamed myself, dressing in this androgynous clothes and continuing in this faÃ§ade.

I can meet Catherine after her class and go shopping, I can ask my mother about going and looking for clothes.

Why would she not come with me? Would she be hurt that I'd prefer going with Catherine than her? She bought me earrings and I denied them.

Would I be comfortable? Why not?

### 2016-08-02

It's come again. I feel it right here over me, a dull and gray cloud dropping dry droplets of smoke.

Even finding the words is tiring. Are this just effects of the medication? Lack of them?

I am sad, I am tired. I feel like crying and lying in bed.

The whole day I've been hearing him, son, and Ivan. Even when my grandma came and acknowledge it she repeated it twice to my like making an emphasis to their mistakes. Luis corrects himself. It's not the mistake, I've always understood it's going to be something hard. It just hurts.

Tomorrow I have therapy again. I'll see him again and I can talk about this, about what has happened. The coming and words of my grandma. The talk with my mother about the weekend, the lying in my bed and the earrings, the going out to drinks and showing the id, my asking my dad for a ride and facing his silence.

My uncles gathered and talked about my loss. Ivan's departure. For a lot I used to wonder what would it be knowing how would people react after my dead. Isn't this what I wanted?

People keep adding me on the new Facebook. Every new request is a new name to the list of people who feels fine with my existence, everyone who has forgiven me for killing him.

I feel the pressure of their misnaming. It's because the clothes I wear, the way I speak. She say it herself: she saw me as Ivan for years and she sees me as him and wearing his clothes.

I don't dare to come and ask her or even telling my intentions of changing the way I look.

I never, ever, asked them the change the way the refer to me. Is that why I am crying? Because it was their own initiative and apparently it's not enough?

Will I leave Rene? Will I stop going to therapy? Should I talk to him about it? I should mention it.

I haven't reached the half and I'm tired. I haven't done the exercise for weeks and I feel exhausted. I want to leave the house but I don't have patients nor a job. i haven't updated the resume nor send it to anyone in months. I haven't started with the powerpoint presentations about the supposed course I could give.

I just lie in bed to dream or escape.

I want time to go faster. I want the changes to be more obvious. I want to no longer see him in the mirror. I want them to stop recognizing him in my eyes.

Today's tuesday. It's hard for me even realizing what day of the week it is. It seems like everyone I know has found a job and continued their life. To them, I changed sex. I found myself and started living happily and truthfully and authentic. At least that's what they said.

What would be worse? Their words being empty vessels of air or me being an impostor? I'm not happy, I;m not honest and I'm not authentic. I'm a melancholic, piece of shit.

I'm too hard on myself. What is it that I can't forgive me for?

Zayra had a point. I was a kid and I did the best I could do. I'm a grown person now. I'm doing the best I can.

The call me brave for what I dare to do. For telling them. Almost everyone who heard me made me think I was making a huge mistake. Were they right?

Would I be crying here right now if they weren't? Rene's been telling me for months to wait until I am ready. Ready to go out, ready to start hormones, ready to tell my parents or my brothers or anyone.

But I never was ready. I was scared shitless the first time I was in the car changing my clothes and even more the first time I felt a pair of eyes setting its gaze upon me. I could not make the phone call to set the appointment. I had to call the next day, and even then, although I never would admit it, I did use the three months of waiting as a time to make myself used to the idea.

Every time I've said it, it has been easier. But it has never been painless. The words cut me like razorblades as they pass through my throat and slice my mouth.

I stand there, with my mouth bleeding and my heart exposed, handed to them, and my eyes begging for mercy.

### 2016-08-03

"Sofi", my mom called me from outside my room, her voice coming from the kitchen. I went from my bed and faced her. She asked me to open her bottle of white wine. She drank half of a little glass and I three quarters of a small beer glass. My grandmother asked just two sips in a shot glass. She was the last one to finish it. I took the last gulp like I did them in Spain. I feel like when I was in there, except that I don't. I am trans, I am Sofia, a woman. I like who I am. I don't need to hide, anymore.

I'm a little tired and have a humming pain in the lower back.

I had my phone with me when I was sitting in the dinning table with the rest of my family, just talking about everything and anything. Cynthia was the one who published the post. It was publicity for the opening of a sexology master from the institute of sexology in Mexico. Could I apply there? How would I pay for it and maintain myself? Why do I keep thinking about failure, about the impossibility of overcoming the obstacles, not reaching the goal.

They are the same kind of thoughts I had before applying to the abroad program. I was never truly convinced I would go even until the day before actually leaving to the airport. Will this be like that? That was the hardest and painfuller and most beautiful and significant time of my life. I was born there. I let myself become. I was going to write it was the culmination of Ivan's life, but that's not true. It was the nexus between ours both.

I got into the page of the institute and read the convocatory of their short stories contest. It has to do with sexuality and its themes. I want to apply. Sure, they ask for an ID, but I cant tell them both my real and legal name. What could I write about? A trans girl like me? A lesbian couple meeting and falling in love? A young girl coming into her own sexuality?

A group of teenagers in a party, playing truth or dare, a bunch of short stories interconnecting themselves about the different matices of sexuality.

I have lots of ideas, would any of them be actually good? I have both time and ideas and intention. I should keep to it and actually try.

I woke up and ate breakfast and showered and left for therapy. My mother gave me the money without asking. I shaved even though it was hard on my skin and the black dots were as aggressive and visible as after the first session. I tried to tamed them with the make up. It was acceptable. My confidence was the most important factor.

I showed myself to them. I wore tapered jeans and a white tank top. The outline of the bra was almost screaming. My long red shirt was open and flowing besides the pair of small breasts. I walked towards Rene playing with my phone. I noticed no suspicious eyes, nothing. I walked just fine, by myself. Rene was alone when I got in. He received me and the session flowed smoothly. He made notice of the gift of my mother. The earrings were symbolic to my birth as a daughter. When a girl is born she receives earrings as gifts. The perforation of the earlobes is one of the earliest rituals. She gave them to me recognizing me as a woman, she handed them to me as a gesture of validation. She even forgot that I do not have the holes. She offered them to me and even invited my grandmother. A three generation feminine ritual of welcoming. And I denied it.

Exiting the parking lot the old man who received my ticket, gendered me as miss as he let me out. I bought the bag of ice that my mother asked me for and drove home.

When I put them in the fridge, my grandmother got closed and said to me secretly-like "your mother told me, open the door, 'Sofia arrived, she's knocking the door'". Just that was the theme with Rene. Her mention of it, the later one today, just bolded the idea I had.

It's my fault for dressing as a boy and wearing his clothes.

When my mom came down, she asked me directly: "When are we going to buy clothes?... Where are we going to buy them?"

She printed a picture of me with my name under it. The first profile picture I posted of me with the purple sweater and a made up smile.

Why? For what?

### 2016-08-04

The same familiar pain in the back is here again. Did I write about it yesterday?

I woke up with it. I felt it in the night while I was dreaming. At first it was just an inconvenience, then, when I was lying in the couch, a thunder of pain struck me just in the back, someone struck the wrong string in my back. Now it's less, a bad memory of this very day.

Catherine has answered my messages. She asks me about my back pain, is it strong? Will it impede to going out tomorrow?

Earlier today I confirmed with Luis tomorrow's plans. I asked him if he was sure. I told my mom, too. She just came a while ago to confirm the invitation was serious. Am I really going to take him with us? Sure. She called him just moments ago to give him the money, "for going out with Sofia".

She's trying.

When I got up and made my breakfast she was ready for going out. My grandmother asked her about it. She was going to the bank, the one close to the hospital. I thought about it, my pills are running out. The antibaby ones will be over next week. I asked her if I could give her the money and she could buy them for me. "Let's go, then".

I showered and tamed my hair. Seeing the shadow of my beard made me feel uneasy. I shaved yesterday. It was hard on my skin. I could not do it again and then later tomorrow, as well. I just put on my clothes and gave a second pass with the razor machine. This time I put on all my clothes in the bathroom, even the bra. I've been wearing it all day. It can be seen through the armholes of my tank top. All the clothes I wore today were man's. All but my underwear. The shirt, the pants, the hoodie, even the tennis. I didn't put on any make up.

What was I expecting? This happened before. Three months ago I shaved barely with a machine and wore just man's clothes and went to the blood lab to be surprised about being seen as a man.

In the bank nobody talk to me, nobody maybe even saw me.

When we got into the pharmacy, my mother ordered the sandwiches and the beverages. The four of us were in front of the cashier, but just her and me walked towards the counter of the pharmacy. This time the clerk addressed me: "I can attend you, gentleman" she said nicely.

It was a punch in the gut. I handed her my script by the name of Sofia and asked for "just the Diane", the anti-conceptive pills for woman. My mother handed her car and I gave her the money. Nobody said nothing to me. She made some comments about giving the change with the cashier but it was more awkward than uncomfortable.

We returned but just she and my grandma ate.

After Luis and my grannie left the table I asked her about the plans for this weekend. Miguel has plans, maybe, doesn't he? She wanted to go to the United States. Have I thought about if I want to buy clothes? And where?

I said the usual "I don't know" and then continued with some history. The places I've been with Catherine are Target and Ross. I've gone to Old Navy, too. And the outlets in the Las Americas Plaza. She said how some of her friends buy clothes in Ross, too. And something about a store where everything costs 5 dollars of something like that.

Was it before or after I told her I have no money? She told me she asked me because she could come with me, or maybe I could go with Catherine or something. She then mentioned how much would be 10,000 pesos. A little more than 500 dollars.

Would I really buy that much? Do I really want to?

I want to have enough clothes, I want to have a choose of what to wear. But at the same time, it bothers me the idea of committing to this body. I expect it to change. I expect it to narrow some places and get wider on others. I don't want to be seen as a gentleman no matter the clothes I wear or if I'm wearing make up or not.

I did not tell her it makes me uncomfortable looking for clothes with them.

We just let it at that we could go this weekend and just look around, see if I like something. I feel almost the same pressure of actually sending Palomino the message to set the meeting and talk about make up.

Those are things I want, that would be good. Why do they make me this nervous?

...

I walked with Luis to the Oxxo, today. I caught several pokemon that he couldn't because he had ran out of pokeballs. After paying, the cashier made some friendly comments about the bags. Exiting, there was a homeless-looking guy who opened the door for us. I handed him the coin I had in my hands. He said: "thanks, friend (feminine)"

I preferred writing about the woman in the pharmacy rather than the guy outside the oxxo. Why do I prefer to remember the things that make me sad?


### 2016-08-05

"Take this, you will go to the Mall, if you see something you like, you can buy it", she handed me several folded bills. It was 25 hundred pesos.

That was just before leaving. I exited the door and Luis was behind me. "Just don't get mad if they said "hey, beauty", being outside I pretended like I had not heard. "Why are you telling me?" "Because you're going with Sofia".

I felt a little like that other time. Coming from the shower I put on firstly the white dress I wore for the pride. I changed into the red leggings and the white blouse. Something in the reflection I did not like. I kept hearing the words of the pharmacist. Even after shaving and the make up and being sure it did not showed, I kept seeing the shadow over my lip.

I took a picture and asked for Catherine opinion. Both outfits were ok. I could use whichever I felt more comfortable in.

She had a point. I had showered my whole body to be in leggings. I decided to wear the white dress. I was all ready and yet I did not want to open the door. Both my mother and grandma had never seen me in person in a dress. What could they say? Would they make a comment? Even a compliment would upset me, but why?

She gave me the money. Maybe tomorrow we will go to the other side of the border. We drove towards Catherine's home.

I've returned from eating a taco. I was sitting in the table with everyone home. We talked. Should I change my voice even with them? The subtle changes I do with Rene or the more drastic ones like when I order something?

Do people notice the weirdness in my voice? The dispatcher from that other time gendered me female even after speaking.

I got distracted again. Catherine shared a picture from when we walked towards the museum and gardens. She tagged both my brother and me. I saw the people who have liked the photo. From there I scrolled to the new posts. One of them was a picture from the National Comission of Human Rights, it promoted the human rights of transgender, transsexual and transvestite people. I read the comments, most of them were against the picture. Why would they discriminate just mentioning trans people? Everybody has rights. Why focusing just on them... on us...

I was angry. I wanted to comment and say my point of view. Argue against their rationalizations and fallacies. What would I gain? I would not convince anyone of them just as nobody could convince me. I would just be exposed. "Why do you care? You are one, right? It's your choice if you want to chop your dick off, I don't have to see you as a woman and treat your delusion"

I do project my thoughts into my expectations of others.

We walked outside the CECUT and entered its gardens. I took pictures and shared some on snapchat. My aunts have seen them. Do they know about my trans status? I have almost none of my father's siblings. Not Alex, nor Patty, nor Martha. I have cousins, like Tiana and Xennia and Charlie and I think even his brother. Does my aunt Alma knows? One of her sons saw and liked my post.

From my mother's side there are more people, all her siblings have added me, almost all of their sons. Even some of her own cousins and their offspring. Armida, Cande, my cousins from Anaheim.

I can see some who would maybe take it differently. Cruz and her family. My uncle Alex. They are both religious. Would I be rejected when there are children near?

What would happen next time I visit my old father's house?

Tomorrow I'll might buy some clothes. Tomorrow I won't dress like a boy. I won't wear a dress either, but I won't hide.

We saw the movie. I sat in the middle just like I had imagined. It was nice, entertaining. After it we ate. Both Luis and I ordered two bowls of Ramen, just like the last time we went to the movies together. Driving there one passenger of the car besides us talked to me. He said good afternoon and kept talking. I tried to ignore him but did not know if he was still addressing me.

I remember the idea of someone else doing or saying something, but I can't recall precisely what happened.

At least I know I was seen as a girl. At least by some people.

### 2016-08-06

I'm home. I've eaten already. I finished the burrito with everyone but Luis in the table. "Do you want some sauce, m'son?". It's like getting a gentle slap to the forehead. They might not be enough to really hurt me, but they caught my attention and interrupt my thoughts, I get stopped and confused. One is just a little inconvenience, several might make me go insane.

Just before going to the table I finished putting away the clothes I bought. I should start from the very beginning.

Yesterday night I told Catherine how it was really nice to see her tag me in the picture with Luis. Being exposed, showed. Later she mentioned how in fact it is too much to her. Her friend liked the picture and they were in their house with other several people. The topic about her going to the movies came up in the conversation. She was just waiting for her friend to say something, make a comment or ask a question.

She apologized and I replied with the truth. I won't push her to do it, nor I will get sick and give her an ultimatum. Nonetheless, it does hurt. It's painful the idea that our relationship is something to be ashamed of, or maybe even me.

6 in the morning I woke up and read her message, she apologized again. But this time it was twice, and a little more, uh, crude? Bare... No...

I stayed awake. I can't remember what was it that I did. I played game boy, or read something in the internet or whatever in the tablet and or phone. I did not went back to sleep completely. An hour or two later, I got up and shower. I did not shave. I wore the red leggings and the duck t-shirt. I wore make up. It wasn't the most feminine outfit but I did try.

Grandma come with us. An hour before noon we were leaving home. The line to cross the border was by the hospital. We made a little more than two hours.

My back is hurting again.

We finally crossed. The first place was the mail. Were there mentions of my name? Or his? Did they called or refer to me in any way before the meal?

In the mail the four packages were Miguel's. Luis stayed in the car with the women. I'm tired. I see the bed with anticipation.

We went to denny's. The waiter and waitresses welcomed us but as a big group there was no single mention to me. Not until I asked for silverware. "Of course, sir", she said. Was it my voice? My face? I started doubting myself since then.

Back in the mail I saw the pepper spray and actually considered buying it. It would be useful, at least as a mean of defense, just an insurance so I could not feel as vulnerable and weak.

"Have you thought were you want to go?" Asked me my mother after I returned from the bathroom and we got up from the table. I told her the options.

I went to the bathroom. I used the woman's, but again unsure and nervous. It was empty and I actually doubt what would happen had anyone been there. Would they ask me to leave or question me? Would I defend myself?

The first place we went to was Wal Mart. All of us were together at first. When they went ahead looking for Luis materials, I stay behind and went back to the ladies department. I browsed the clothes. I grabbed a couple of blouses and a pair of pants and looked for them. After reuniting, the three of us looked.

"Iva... Son", she called me out loud. I had told Catherine before how I would correct them, explain and tell them to not misgender me in public. But I did nothing. My grandma kept referring me as son and she and my mother went back to the masculine, how I was broad by the waist and things like that.

Before the cashier I went ahead and sat in a bench. My grandma sat in the one besides. She reclined and told me how my mother saw a lot of blouses that she liked. "She saw them and saw a lot and she liked them for you, and they would look really pretty in you" She smiled and showed me the excitement my mother might had showed. It was a warm nice feeling that soon died. 'I told her back, to take it easy, with calm. 'Relax, be patient, leave HIM look for them alone by now'.


Just know she used Ivan with hesitation and then continued saying 'Sofi and Luis'.

It was not that they still see me as a man. Is that even looking for blouses and pants and shorts and woman's clothes, they kept seeing me and calling me as him. She sees me as Ivan playing dress-up.

In Target, we separated since the beginning. I went to the clothes and saw them. I felt dysphoric and nervous, exposed and uneasy. I felt everyone's eyes on me. In Wal mart as we looked for a parking stop a car passed by and a young black man said out loud: "That was ugly!", while locking eyes with me. I repeated myself over and over, how it probably, most surely, it was something completely unrelated to me. Yet again, it hurt deeply, is if it were a confirmation of my inner conflict.

Everybody came to where I was and met me after I had returned from the dressing rooms. Why did I bother modulating my voice if I was unsure how I looked?

More clothes, more.

My mother and Luis came with me. I don't mind buying clothes with my mother anymore.

Lastly, we went to Las America. I bought shoes and socks. I paid by myself. The cashier welcomed me as "you guys". It was... weird.

I took pictures of the clothes and shared them with Catherine.

Now I have options and things to wear. I won't feel like a picture or a caricature. I hope.


### 2016-08-07

I'll see Catherine tomorrow. Yesterday I bought almost a new wardrobe. My mother helped me, she gave it to me. She paid for it.

Later I can ask her for the earrings.

It was the last conversation before falling asleep. Catherine told me how she saw a queer guy in the swap meet with her mother. He was applying make up to himself. He put on a long gown and hair extensions. He looked very pretty. She thought her mother would make a face or say a mean comment like a he-she or weird guy, but even her admired his abilities. It was a salon. She thought of me, maybe I could use its services, like, for the wedding. That was the way the subject came up. I was fragile from the sights and misgendering that happened the whole day. Thinking about calling and making an appointment with the hope of being gendered feminine on the phone, going with a clean face and still be seen as a girl, expecting the best without any idea of my preference or taste. It was unnerving.

I asked her if she could go with me. No. The day of the wedding would be impossible. She'd be busy, obviously. I felt hopeless and inept. I cried thinking about the whole day and how even with all these new clothes, I'd still be the same person looking the same, getting the same sights and calls of an old name.

Was it yesterday night or today when she apologized?

I told her, explained why it made me nervous. I have no experience nor knowledge. The time presses and asphyxiates me. She said she could imagine, she felt the same about our graduation. It was just a matter of calling and setting the appointment. I projected the rage I was feeling towards her. It's harder, I have it harder. I don't sound like a woman on the phone, nor I look like one before wearing make up, nor I am one, not really, universally.

"I see you as my equal, I'm sorry"

"But I am not"

She apologized again.

I found it extremely hard to get up from bed. I had several different dreams. I shared just a fraction of them with her. I told her about our rendezvous in this bedroom of a new house. I was taking clothes off, while we lied down on the floor and kissed. I wanted to convince her to make love. She didn't want to because of the time? Or did she have to be somewhere, maybe do something. People started entering the window, friends of Miguel. I covered and put on some clothes as I welcomed them. He kept telling the rest to use the fire escape, the window. Catherine left.

Two of them came to me and asked me how it was, how did people take it. "About what?", I was confused. "Miguel told us something about you, like you have a boyfriend or something like that?" I dismissed them a little embarrassed and upset with him for telling. Something happen with the kids. There was a girl from Spain, but I have forgotten most about it.

In other dreams I was jumping between scenes and places. I was in session with a therapist. I could appear to myself 5 years in the past and actually talk and say something. I convinced myself of talking to the therapist for something. Was me from the present going to the me from before everything appeared? Did I tell myself what would happen? Was I trying to make the transition easier or actually stop it altogether?

I don't remember.

My grandma told me to try the blouse on so she could do the fixes. I wore a bra and put it on inside out. She knocked on the door. "I actually betted you would open it without knocking" my mother told her. She put the pins in and I took it.

It was then that we had the conversation, I guess, me and Catherine. I cried again. I slept a little with the music from the tablet soothing my slumber. I was fallen in dreams when I hear the door and saw her. "Sofia", she called, as if she had practiced it. "Were you asleep (feminine)?" She corrected it in the last minute. I put it one for her to see it was fit. This time she didn't leave the room.

"Were you wearing a bra?, well it doesn't change much, does it?"

Later, in Luis room, my mother would come while he and my mother were there as well. I asked her for a ride tomorrow to the crossing border. They talked about yesterday, a woman they saw. "She was wearing this thing, it was dark red, burgundy, like wine. The sleeves were a little loose until here, and then they were open and falling. It came down to the legs and had flow. The sleeves covered it as it danced in the movement. I could make you something like that. You might like it".

She saw it and told my mom she could do something similar. "I don't like dresses, mum". "Do you think maybe they might like it?" and pointed at me.



### 2016-08-08

I got up and got ready. Everything was set. I postponed the alarmed and then disarmed it before it could start. Catherine was already in school. I was going to be leaving home by noon. We would meet crossing the border. She asked me if I could leave home an hour earlier. She thought she might go for the pass in her free hour. Someone was in the bathroom. I didn't think I could make it. It was my grandmother. Did she know? My mother said she might want to accompany us. Ans she did. The three of us left a couple of minutes after eleven. I wore the pants that look like jeans and the Mickey Tshirt. I told my mother I would exchange a fifteen hundred. She gave me two hundred dollars in return. In the way there, my mom told me how she was talking with my godmother. She said that it was good that she now has someone to tell her what she can and can't wear. And the four of us can go shopping now.

It feels weird hearing those kind of comments. I longed for a long time being included in a feminine plural. "Las cuatro". Why does it feel condescending, now? My mom is struggling, she wants to. She tells Luis to ask Sofia what to eat, and then when I give my answer, she tells my grandma Ivan said it.

Should I put a new counter of the days since Monica crosses my mind? Just seeing it would be reason enough to restart it. That's a stupid idea. Counting the days of indifference is ironic. Were I really apathetic I would not care about that number.

They left me and I walked. I had not to stop until I reached the booth. The CBP officer asked me "Where are you going?" even before I handed him my ids. I answered, "San Ysidro" with a normal voice. "What will you do?", "shopping". "What do you bring with you?" "Nothing, just me". He clicked in the profile that appeared on his screen. Looked at the card and then said as he looked at me: "Jos..." and stopped suddenly. His eyes were locked with mine and opened at the same time his voice went silent. He just handed them to me and told me to go. I walked and exited on the other side.

I waited for half an hour, maybe a little less. I was sitting in a bench when I noticed the girl in blue looking at me. She recognized me and smiled. I stood up and went to meet her. "It's been a lot since I've seen you", we kissed on out cheeks and asked how we've been. "Are you waiting for someone?", and she left. Jacqueline. She met me when I had four or five years. We shared the classroom with Jessica, she's one of her closest friends in jr high. Did she see me as a woman? Did she see that same boy but grown?

Why did I imagined her telling to her mate "You see that person I just said hi to? He is a man, I met him when he went by Ivan"

I walked to the old pedestrian crossing and met Catherine in the trolley station. I paid for my daily pass. We went to the adult school and she bought hers. We ate in chipotle. I wanted to go to in n out. I felt like it. She didn't tell me not to go, she offered to go to both places. I declined.

We went to Target, after there we could go to Ross and then Las Americas. That was the plan. We gave a round through the ladies' section. I tried on two blouses of different sizes but took none. I bought a pair of black oxfords. I didn't need them. I needed shoes for the wedding. I need the dress for both it and the graduation.

I was browsing the underwear after we talked about how most of mine was somewhen hers.

"Sofi, I have to go", she tried putting on the audio but I heard nothing. The aunt of his father had died. Of course we should return. I paid for the shoes and went to the trolley.

Crossing back to Mexico, the frustration hit me. It's a month until the wedding and again I have nothing. I spent 40 dollars and haven't gotten anything ready. The day is getting closer and I don't know what I will do or wear.

It wasn't just that. I was upset but had no right to those feelings. Her fucking grand aunt just died, what did I expect? For her to stay and accompany me?

I was angry at myself every time I confronted my own emotions.

Even now, I don't know where all this anger comes from and to whom it's directed.

### 2016-08-09

Tomorrow I'm supposed to see Rene for my session. What has happened this week?

I know I've had several different dreams. Most of them present the theme of me being recognized as a woman. Either by Paola asking for Ivan to be the team leader and the professor agreeing picking the boy next to me, "and this girl", pointing at me. In others, like the one from this morning, I was in this new house. They were some animals, a cat and a dog. Exploring the rooms in it, I stepped into the bathroom to see this weird machine full of complicated adjustments and apparatus. I came to the realization that it was for me. I would need help, I wouldn't be able to get up. I would be sick.

Yesterday was I angry? I was upset... disappointed. My mother asked me to see what I bought. I showed her the shoes and she seemed a little let down. "They're like, for wearing with jeans, right?" Today she asked me, when we were alone in the living room: "What kind of clothes do you like?" For what? generally or for a certain occasion? Why? She just asked again as if it were an obvious question. Then she explained. When I bought clothes, the were mostly discreet colors, t-shirts. She would imagine I'd get, I don't know, dresses, or skirts.

Maybe she was projecting her expectations of me being a transgender woman. She might have thought I'd be desperate to wearing the most feminine clothes I could find.

But I just chose the things which I know, the colors I am used to. I have to be exploring slowly what kind of clothes I like and what kinds look good on me.

Was it yesterday or today when they again started talking about this saturday? Chevo has gotten his house ready. He said "girls, let's start giving suggestions for the movies you want to see". Does he sees the rest of us as girls, now? Am I part of that specification?

Is it a natural progression or have they talked about it? Maybe I do look different.

Yesterday my mother talked to me and asked me about the hormones. She shared a little of what she's learned in the youtube videos. I have changed, she came to the conclusion herself after asking myself for my experience. The saturday I wore leggings, my legs looked bigger. "you were not that leggy [masculine]" My butt has grown, as well. Catherine would later confirm it, too, when I told her this evening. She saw me yesterday.

Today it's the funeral, the wakening?. I don't know the word. Tomorrow will be the mass in the morning.

I brought the subject again, would see us tomorrow or would she prefer thursday or friday? I had to know the plans she would have.

The phone just rang. I stepped up from my chair and looked at the number. I have decided not to answer. I am not comfortable. Edgar is the one calling. What name should I answer with? "Hi, who's this?" "Edgar, hey, shortie... how's it been?"

No. I am not ready. I am nervous. Even talking with them on the phone makes me anxious. I asked what we would do in the weekend. My father having the call-on phone was a relief. My mother wanted to go. She even bought a swim suit. She did not push to me the idea of picking one. I don't know how would I had reacted.

"Hello, who's this... Laura?" "No, it's Sofia"...

I wouldn't had.

Luis answered the phone earlier today. It was a courier saying he had a package for Jose Luis. Anyone could pick it up. I grabbed my keys and wallet. They might want an id and signature.

I opened the door before I could get the meaning of his "you don't need to sign". He handed me the envelope and just asked for my name. Which one could I give him? How was I seen? Why did I make no mention of that worry to my mom?

I don't feel comfortable wearing extremely feminine clothes because I worry about the way people see me. I feel at ease wearing androgynous ones, it's safer this ambiguos zone. I hate wearing a dress and being called "sir" or "he".

He just annotated Ivan Fernandez and left.

I asked Catherine if I'd need to go dressed as a boy to the funeral or church. She told me she did not know.

Her family, that part of the family doesn't know about me. On the other hand she has not talked with her parents. Depends of the answer I get from Rene I might go to the church or she invited me to come home.

"I'm sorry, I'd prefer going until after you've talked with them"

The idea, thought of her saying she's going with Ivan, talking about his family, his invitations, makes me sick.

Today, my grandmother did not say Ivan once. It was always Sofi.

Why was it not enough? What more do I want?

### 2016-08-10

How long has it been since the last time I was at Catherine's home?

Just one week before the last session. Maybe next week I'll attend after going to the laboratory to get my blood drawn and my levels checked. This week it was before Catherine's grand uncle burial.

"Would your brother be jealous? Do you think he would like me?"

I got up from a peculiar dream. I can't remember even its theme. The alarm woke me up before 9. Today's meeting would be two hours before my usual time. I showered and dressed. Catherine asked me yesterday if I'd accompany her. I discarded the idea of wearing gray and red. I put on the burgundy pants and a gray tank top under the gray-striped white shirt. I put make up. Catherine and I would be leaving our homes almost at the same time. The mass would be around 10:30. I showed her a picture of my outfit before I hesitated and decided to change. I put on a green blouse and tried a gray thin cardigan. I went back to the original.

I looked androgynous. It was a male shirt. The pants were skinny and tapered to my legs. The neck of the tank was low enough for the curves of my young breasts to be noticeable. Leaving the shirt opened the feminine attributes were more obvious, closing it, I found almost no difference to the me from months ago.

I walked to Rene with time to spare. The needle was threatening to hug the E signaling an empty tank. I parked the car and spent the 5 pesos coin that survived in the pocket of my purse for who knows how long.

I don't think I talked about anything important with Rene. I am thinking again about leaving him. This time I don't consider it a good idea to mention it to Catherine. I should tell him, though. Why don't I want to go? Do I feel I'm not working anything? The graduation and the wedding are close. I haven't seen my family. I have no job nor patients.

I haven't started the slides for the course nor the project proposal for the investigation. I haven't even started to research for my themes of interests nor for the requisites for the master program.

Next week I'll see the endocrinologist. Will I dare to mention my want to change medication? What is it that scares me so much about speaking up?

From Rene I drove to the graveyard. I had never gone to one here in Tijuana. Catherine was waiting me inside close to the tent were her family was gathered. Nobody gendered me today. Yeah, some did, just not the way I desired.

"Has Sofia left yet?"

Her mother welcomed and greeted me. "Son". "Ivan".

I was not introduced to anyone else of her family. I stood next to her and held her hand. I saw the crude emotions of the people who were mourning. Some spoke. One, the first woman who did, talked more about god than the woman herself. It was all about her strength who was because of her faith and fear for god and devotion to him.

"What would you like for when you die?"

I don't want a bishop or a priest near my casket. I don't want no mention of god in my death. All of you can pray for me, but do it in your own houses. God was never in my life, please don't bring him to my death.

I feel resentment. But how fair is it?

I'm not mad at God. Not really. Would he really exist, what has he done to me to be so mad about? Give me the wrong body, an incorrect childhood? No. I hate his followers. They deny me. The pope talks against me. I don't want no mention of heaven or eternal glory. I want them to remember my life, our memories.

I looked at the tombs spread in the ground and all of those names. I said nothing, but I feared about my own. What name would they put on there?

Maybe ashes is a better option for me. I spent almost my whole life in discord with my own body. Both men and woman's ashes are the same.

We visited the tomb of his brother and then went home. Her dog didn't recognized me at first. She's getting blind, but ran to me and sniffed me. Did her cousin recognized me?

Everyone told him my name wrong. Will he grow and get used to that wrong name as almost all of Catherine's family?

### 2016-08-11

"Good afternoon, brave! How's your life in this your renew life? I hope your surroundings are more supportive and tolerant than what I've seen in Spain on occasions"

I woke up to the friend request of Arantxa on my profile. She sent me some messages and we chatted for a while.

I slept and rested nested and knotted inside the sheet. It was hard getting back up. I hadn't thought about it like this, but I have the motivation every morning of rising and start the day with another dose of hormones. New changes, a new stick in the counting of this new life. For months I saw the transition as a distant future. It's been months since that day come. Half a year I've been 23, half a year since I dared to make the call and set the appointment. Three months passed until I got in. Another three months since then. More than a hundred days changing.

In the evening I was talking with Catherine after her return from classes.

"Cari, your mom knows I won't attend the wedding in a suit, doesn't she?"
"Uh, she didn't, but I guess she does now"

She had passed her the phone to show her a picture. It vibrated in her hands. The message appeared on the upper side of the screen. She must had looked at it. I asked her if she said something. She did not. Is it active denial? I'm her daughter's partner.

Later I asked her if she would say something. She told me she would, but it doesn't comfort me any more. Is it that I don't believe her? She has to. She can't not do it. What is it that I fear? At first it was about just being with my family, standing besides them, facing them and seeing their reactions. I've done it. I've seen them face to face and confronted their reactions, or would if there had been any.

Now it's her parents. They've seen me, too. The greeted me and welcomed me to their home. I showed androgynously yet I looked feminine. They called me Ivan, still, they used male pronouns. It hurts, it's painful. Do I have a right to ask her?

Is this something I will have to deal with constantly?

What will it be when the day comes, and they have to welcome my family at the reception. How will I introduce myself to their family? Will they greet me as Ivan? Even with make up and a night gown will they see me as her boyfriend? Will the other people who've already met him recognize his profile in my face?

Next week I'll catch up to her in the other side of the border again. I have to look for a dress and shoes. I might look for a handbag. Other stuff to look for are underwear and a belt.

I'm nervous about the make up and the hair and the clothes and her family and my own. The wedding is scary.

This weekend I'll see the gang. Catherine will come pick me up and she will give them the invitations. After it we'll drive to Playas and pick up a pizza. I'll bring the bottle of spanish sidra. We'll meet then in Chevo's house. Do his parents worry me as well? What if they say something? Will they recognize me? It's more about his mother than his father. Do they know? Has he told them? Maybe he already mentioned my situation and uses my name.

I congratulated Felipe for his birthday. I sent him the message in the morning after talking with Arantxa. Just moments ago he responded it. "Thank you very much, Sofia. It's time for a meeting with the mate (Manuel) or what?" He tagged him so he came and commented as well.

Will the meeting really take place? Why did I get nervous? Two weeks have passed since Aidee proposed to help me with make up. I haven't answer. We met outside the bars the time I went out with the girls. "Chat me to set up the meeting". I didn't. Will I?

I could use her. It would be really helpful. It's something I need. Why do I avoid her?

Does seeing Manuel and Felipe scare me? Is it their reactions or their questions? They both accepted me and sent me a friend request. He used my name. There should be no reason to worry.

Catherine asked me if I had commented to my mom about the course we saw in Mexicali. I didn't. Seeing Edgar scares me as well. Facing him.

Maybe I wasn't as ready as I thought.

No. It had to be done. I would had never been ready enough.

### 2016-08-12

"Write about me today"

How long have we known each other? Recently there were some Facebook posts where people shared a little video about their friendship. "Today's the 5th anniversary of them being friends", or something like that. Do we have that time?

She was the one who talked to me first. She approached me in the classroom and started the conversation. "We were in the same highschool, I've seen you before". Later she would confess to me how I came sort of dismissive and kind of an asshole. I remember the day, and remember seeing her, but I can't recall what I thought or felt. Would I ever imagine the conversations we would later have? Could I even imagine that we'd share nights and beds and clothes and even our bodies?

"What about you?" I asked her. She didn't know. Just talk about her, describe her, narrate times where she was adorable or that make me laugh.

She remembered when I brought both of us to the floor after getting my foot stuck in the loop of her backpack. People saw us and came to help. I scrape my knee. We both laughed almost all the way to her car from the japanese restaurant of pizza. Adorable moments are when I give her little kisses in her cheeks or her head.

What do I think about?

I go to bittersweet moments. I guess it's in my nature to find home in sadness. But they're not tragic.

We were in first semester, the workshop of Fidel. In one I silently represented a dream where I feel everyone looking down on me. They answered me back with movements as well. She reassured me.

It was a different one, where she cried. Had I known about her accident? Was it something related to her brother? I just remember understanding. Again, without a word I went to her and I hugged her. There was no need to say anything.

I could count the classes we did not share with my fingers the whole 9 semesters we studied. We would almost always seat close. Whenever I would be in front, her fingers would find a way to my hair. They'd hide in there, exploring the different paths hidden in my curls.

We ran twice. It was the first time we went out together. Was it? Didn't we to go Ensenada before that, to the conference that Juan Carlos invited us to? It was our first travel, the first outer city we would explore. The race was in fourth semester. We ended up all colored. I would meet her father that day. It was the first time he saw me as Ivan. Then I was just her friend.

In fourth semester I think I had a girlfriend still. Even then we would use our free time to be together. That was the semester we spent without Anahi. Whenever a class would be cancelled, or other times were we would skip it, we would go to Playas. I remember those times and relate them with coldness and warmth. We both wore coats, hats and beanies. My hair was getting longish. Did we start talking about my secret yet? We would go to Argana and smoke and talk. We did not kiss until the next semester, before we left the country.

I didn't have a girlfriend anymore, but I got another best friend. We started sharing nights without being really with each other. We talked and talked and when we ran out of stuff to say, we shared our inner shadows. With her, I lost my fear to my darkness.

I had a mixture of confusing feelings. My inner self was a battleship of ideas and conflicting emotions. She got caught in the fire.

We kissed in that cafe I once joked would be the central perk of our group of Friends. Even now we still go to that same cafe. We still kiss. But our kisses are no longer experimental or careful. They're not controlled or surprising. They're messy, they're warm, they're passionate and confident. They're playful and calm.

We both have changed. I am not the same person she met.

She has grown in my eyes. I look at her and see beauty. I love her caring eyes and the roundness of her cheeks when she smiles at me.

We would go late at night after class and sat in the reclined seats of her car. The windows frosted. There was coldness in those times. We talked and talked and the words would cover us and entertain us. Our hands would meet between us. Her fingers would end up being entwined between mine. Even in the coldness of the nights I always found warmth with her.

### 2016-08-13

The clothes are all set and put in big bags. Several of the jeans my mom is discarding are 14 in size. I thought about Catherine's size. Would they fit? I decided not to say anything, if they did, maybe she would take them.

I set the alarm thinking we would go to the restaurant to have breakfast. I woke up and heard my dad leaving and coming back. The rustling of the paper back convinced me that we would not really go. Everyone was in bed or asleep. I ate and took my pills.

I returned to bed and fell asleep for an hour. I was tired and exhausted. It was past midnight when I was trying to sleep. The lights outside of my bedroom where lit and plastic sounds squeaked rhythmically. Maybe they came from my mother, maybe it was Miguel or my grandma.

I showered a little after noon. Today is the day that they're going to cut the water. Catherine will come pick me up. She'll leave her home at 5 in the afternoon. It's two and a half hours from now.

When I put my underwear and the towel in the bathroom I noticed that Luis' door was locked. What was he doing? The first thought that cross my mind was when I used to lock mine last year as I tried on the clothes I bought or borrowed. I didn't want to risk someone opening the door and seeing me.

Did not one of them notice ever?

Luis did. Luis touched my back and his finger landed just on the closure of the bra. "Are... are you wearing a bra?" He was confused and startled, his words came as if he didn't even believe he was asking that.

I denied it and crouched on my chair.

i tried to open the door and he said he was changing. I brushed my teeth and showered. In there I untangled and washed my hair again, shaved both my armpits and chest, soaped my whole body and shave my legs. After exiting and drying my body I shaved my face.

Yesterday my mother shared: "Your godmother said: 'just tell Sofia to pluck her eyebrows and not let them grow like yours". My grandmother said nowadays girls leave them thick. Then said I don't need to. My mother continued saying I would say I already do. "Do you?"

I have and haven't. I take the stranded hairs that I see but I don't dare to change their form. They're thick and manly. They're natural. They're fine by now.

I didn't bother to put on the gray jeggings and black blouse. I put the hose shorts I did and over them the jeans-like pants. On top I wore the black casual blouse my grandmother looked for me just like my mother's. This is what I am going to wear to Chevo's house. It's neutral. Neutral-like. A little androgynous. Would their parents see me as Ivan or as me? Do they know? Will they see me?

I am a little nervous. Catherine will give my parents the invitations to the wedding today. She'll be arriving in three hours.

When I came down and put my clothes and face, I hesitated before opening the door. Will I always have this uncertain feeling? Like grabbing air and courage before going into the dark cave and face my demons, except I'm not going in, I'm getting out.

Everybody here knows and have seen me already. What do I fear?

In the table was Luis and my mother, both wearing headphones and busy in their tablets. I asked Luis if he showered. When I got out of the shower his door was still locked. It was way too much to be changing. He said he did before me. He narrated all of his actions from waking up to being in the table talking to me.

"Because we did not get up in the morning we didn't go to eat breakfast, but we will go to dinner."

Is that why my mom was blowdrying her hair just now? I won't change outfit will I? I'll stay like this. Do I look feminine? Do I look casual? Will I be out of place in there?

What if time goes short and we don't get to come in before Catherine's? What if this is the waiter that gets to be the first one to say something offensive? What if I get called femininely before my father corrects them? What if I get called masculinely and it hurts?

Will it be my fault for not going fully feminine? Is this going to be always a necessity to be seen?

Do my clothes define me now?



### 2016-08-14

It is a tiring day. I'm exhausted. Again I was the second person to get up from bed. I might had been the first one to wake.

Yesterday we did leave. At first I had come to the conclusion that I would have to stay here alone waiting for Catherine. I had gone upstairs to see how my mother was doing. It was three in the afternoon. She said how my grandmother was not hungry so we might go to the movies first. I couldn't. Catherine would pick me up, I had mentioned it.

Even if we weren't going to the movies I couldn't make it back on time.

We did leave. We went to the restaurant my mother had said. Los Jarrones. It was a mexican place. They offered us buffet or the carte. We could stand up and take a look before deciding. I took their offer and went with my mother and grandma. I was the first to return and the table was almost empty. Just my dad was sitting.

"So, is it going to be carte, lady?", said the waitress before I took it.

We ate.

I had the jeans and the t-shirt and was seen as a woman, I think.

Catherine came for me an hour after we got home. I went for her and accompanied her home. She greeted my family and gave them the invitations. The bags of my mother's clothes were in the living room. She explained how they counted 5 of us but if my grandma decided to stay for those times I could just tell her and they'll give her another reception.

"Yeah, Sofi can just tell me", she would later tell me how it felt uncomfortable when they looked at her after saying my name. My father took his eyes from the table and pointed them at hers. My mum and grandma looked at her disbelieved. It would make me feel worse now that we touched the subject just moments ago.

She drove us to Chevo's. We make a stop first in the pizza place. She waited by the car and I ordered the pizza. I gave them my name. They didn't deny it nor made any face or comment. They wrote it down. The one who took my money was going to gender me but stopped. Did I feel their discomfort or was I just projecting mine?

The owner of the place was managing the orders and receipts. He took my pizza and called my name. They looked directly at me as I was sitting in front of them. They just handed it. Would they talk about me after my leaving? Did they notice? Do I have something to notice and talk about?

With Chevo we were the first ones to arrive. Paola was the second and last one. We ate dinner and drank wine as adults. We chatted and laughed. We bought snacks and watched a movie. It was the first gathering Chevo organized and hosted in his home. He felt proud. We should feel proud for being the firsts. He used the plural feminine several times, lots more than before.

Even when we said our good-byes, I think I heard the sound of his kiss as he hugged me. "How did you feel?" asked Catherine as I told her. It was weird, new, uncomfortable. Men don't kiss good-bye. I am not a man. I am a woman. It should be normal.

I hesitated before greeting his dad for that same reason. Did he recognize me? Would he give me his hand or his cheek? Would I want to know?

Today was a slow and tiring day. I feel the pressure of the absence of things to do. I feel useless and inept. A lifeless bag of bones and meat. No function nor desires.

I told my parents about the course in Mexicali. Catherine told theirs. At first it was an euphoric excitement. We could spend the nights together again. Then it hit me. She told them she could stay with me, except she didn't talk about me. She used Ivan. Because they know Ivan.

I asked her and she confirmed it. Today my father said it, too. Twice. He has never used the name and I don't think I'll hear him soon. My mother, to him, used Ivan as well. Was it on purpose? Was it a slip just like my grandma's?

It didn't use to bother me this much.

She felt bad when I asked. And I said I feel bad every time I hear it.

"I feel like pressure"

"I feel like my name doesn't matter, as if it's just a whim or a game. That it's a nickname and Ivan is my "real name". I feel pain and misunderstood and loneliness. I just want to go where I won't have to ask, where no one knows me as Ivan. Where it'll stop being my other name and it will just be who I am."

She saw them but said nothing. She might be asleep just now.

### 2016-08-15

The night is heavy and warmth. It's been a long and hot day. Today's biggest moments were unexpected.

Yesterday night was hard. I forgot to restart the counter of the days since I cried. We were talking about the course in Mexicali. Today after my mother came, in the table I told them about Catherine's plan to go, too. My grandmother said we could all stay home. Later, my mom asked me: "More than how will you sign up, how will you sign up as? Ivan or Sofia?" It was a gut-punching reminder of yesterday's conversation.

It all started because of that. I asked her for her plans of calling to the lab in Mexicali. She replied saying I have to call, as well. She doesn't know if they'll let her sing both of us in. "And I don't know which name you'll use"

I didn't either. "Ivan, I guess", and my stomach turned upside down and fell how it fell to my feet. She apologized. I confessed that I didn't know anymore if I wanted to go. I thought about it, how will my voice sound? Will I sign as Sofia with a female voice? If it is not convincing enough? What will happen if they ask for an id or a certification? Or if I give my legal name, what will happen when I go and ask for my badge or seat or whatever... Will I dress as a boy? As a girl?

I hate being in this limbo.

I remembered hearing my mom changing name and pronouns near my father. It was a twist to the dagger in my chest. "When you told your parents, did you say you could stay with Ivan's grandma?"

"Yes" I shared the memory of my mother's turn around. She said she barely had time with her parents. My question made her feel bad, guilty. I feel bad every time I hear that name. She felt pressure. And I told her...

I remember how this were yesterday last words. She did answer after that.

She knows how I feel, that is painful. She doesn't like having to say stuff, hers, mine, whoever's. I wished I had never been their son and never had been her boyfriend.

"We've talked about this before, there is nothing else to do. I feel bad, that it was wrong, introducing you as Ivan. I want to be calm with those choices, we both took them, you agreed. You make me feel so guilty, regretful, just bad..."

"I was your boyfriend, that doesn't matter anymore. I just want to stop being him. You said you would break up with him and today you talked about going to his house."

"I can't do it as fast as you wish"

"It's been almost half a year", that was a low punch.

She exploded and I fell to a dark pit of hopelessness and misery. We went to sleep.

The morning I was still in the hole. I had no energy nor will to get up.

I took my breakfast and pills and return. I lied down and listened to music. Then a song started interrupting the ipad. For a long time I related the game of thrones ring tone to an intro call. This time the melody was different. It brought me back to that arabic cafe where we lie in pillows and smoke shisha. It wasn't a memory, it was a call. It was Liliana. She wanted to ask me two things. I forgot the first one... and the second one as well, now.

She wanted to reunite us to a work meeting, and see how I appear on Facebook so she can add me to a group chat.

Yesterday it was all about the frustration of being stuck with this name and persona. I can't apply to jobs or courses. I can't do shit without showing this incongruence. It's tiring and irritating and I'm so sick of this.

And now here it was, more job, things to do, meetings.

The day after tomorrow, I'll go to the lab again in the morning. From then, depends of what Rene says I might go to therapy or skip it until next week and go to the meeting.

Thursday I'll get to her crossing the border just like last week. Except this time I'll let the car in a parking lot. I hope. We might look for dresses or clothes. I still have to find what I'm going to wear.

Aidee talked to me today. She started the conversation and I apologized for not reaching out to her. We established the day of our meeting and talked about stuff, how has her life been, and how has mine.

I'll see her by the end of this month, the next day of the saturday I'll meet with the gang by Catherine's.

### 2016-08-16

She talked about all the pressures she has. It all started because of a proposal. If we return early from the United States, can we go to Argana?

"Argana and that other stuff, later". I understand, of course, that's all she needed to say. I apologized about the plans. It was just an offer. I have been mentioning. Do I feel like talking? I want to relax, I need to relax... I have been a little intense, I guess...

She continued listing all the things she has to do, she feels pressure and swallowed in time. Going to Mexicali is going to cost her another week here. I asked her if she's so filled why did she mention the course? We should not see each other until we leave for Mexicali. I went to the bathroom to take a shower. I left the phone on purpose so I would not see immediately after her reply.

Just moments ago I was sitting in my bed with the tank wet and my hair dripping. I used the old red one that I was wearing to take the excessive water from the bun of curls that was tied in the back of my neck. He walked step by step towards my room, as if his shadow were securing the perimeter first. He stood by the doorframe and asked if I had gone out today.

Did I? No. I didn't. Will I go out tomorrow? Yeah, and the day after, too.

"Will you be here by the afternoon so we take your mother to dinner?"

Sure. My Thursday just got free.

"Are you mad?", was the first message I read from her. Was I? Am I now? I felt something, I still do.

The last one she sent said "I got upset. I don't want to say anything to you now"

She's been typing since I came to this chair and started these words. I, on my end, am trying to decipher how and what am I feeling.

...I am a little upset. Your messages and everything lately makes me feel like my pressures don't matter ...

She answered and I went there. My head hurts still. Today, I won't be... no, I can't eat anymore. I have to fast until tomorrow morning. Maybe it's that, maybe is the crying.

"I think about the wedding and I feel impotence. I feel I have no right to be upset or angry about your parents and family because it hurts you and you've apologized already and I know you're pressured. At the same time, though, I think how you don't feel the pain I do.
I can't be mad at you, so I don't know at who direct my anger or even what to feel"

Today I had several dreams. I narrated them to her.

In the first one I knew we were being hunted and looked for. I was in this house or the one in Otay... no, it was this one. My father was in the living room. I had all my things ready and we had to leave now. I now see the image of the Predator monster of that movie, an alien whose whole intention is hunt and kill. We were prey and I could feel it in every pore of my skin. I wanted to get away from here. There was no presence or mention of either Luis nor my mother. My father knew about our circumstances, but he acted is if it were nothing. I urged him, begged him to move, and he just called Miguel. I returned to my bedroom to get everything in order. Time passed, seconds that feel like minutes. I came back, crying, and my father called my brother screaming. There was no answer.

The dream changed. This time I was with my mother and we were waiting for my dad. He was in a convenience store upstair. The menace was the same, something of the like. "We have to go, if he hasn't returned, there must be a reason." My mother wanted to wait, but time passed and the danger was closer. "I'll look for him" and get out of the van. I walked the stairs cautiously. There were shatters of glass on the floor and a silent darkness that forewarn tragedy. Crouching, I came close to the door until a quiet beeping preceded the gunshots that passed over my head. There was no point in checking inside the store. I returned to the car and asked my mother to go.

There was a change in dream where Catherine was with me. We were still in the car and there was a chase. The danger was different, it was no longer supernatural or a monstrosity, it was more tangible and real. I had came to contact with it, maybe because of that.

For a reason we ended up in prison. We were captured by the police, not our hunters. Were they hunting her as well or just me? My mother was no longer with us, I think. We were there, in cells, literally trapped now. Waiting for they to catch us. I think somebody else came, one with a pistol. I saw the guard and ran towards him. I no longer feared the threat of being shot. My destiny had they caught me would have been worse. I took the gun from him and with it made an exit path for both Catherine and me. The man had company now, or maybe were the guards that wanted to get to us, as well. They pointed at us and shot. I tried to shoot, too, but nothing came from the gun. It was empty, useless. I was defenseless. We got into a car chase, a bizarre and surreal car chase.

The dream changed to a more realist one. We got out from certain kind of station. It was a new place, a new city. With us there were no luggage but the feeling of momentary relief and safety. I had still the gun in my bag. There were big and ancient looking buildings surrounding us. We walked and saw a certain kind of show, there were people dancing. It was an arabic dance, and in the multitude, lots of familiar faces appeared. I saw them and wondered if they could see me, too. Could they recognize me? Was I in danger?

I saw the outfit most of the girls were wearing and for the first time in the night I fell the familiar dread of dysphoria. I came conscious of the clothes that enveloped my body and the discordance of my projected identity.

We agreed to separate for a while. I should look for bullets and meet with someone who could give us new identities. I would meet her in the plaza some time later. And walking out of the scene I was the actor who, exiting the stage disassociates from the character he plays and returns to reality. I was still in a dream, but where the hell could I do somethings? Where could I go, whom could I meet?

I wandered to lose time and looked at the woman singing opera and the marching band of people dressed in purple. Time passed and I returned to Catherine. She stood in front of a statue. Her arms gliding in the air and his body dancing slowly to the tune of the singing. Her eyes were closed. She was wearing a different dress, it was blue. She looked beautiful and elegant in her musical trance. I came to her and told her everything was done.

The marching band surrounded us and passed us by. Inside them, we smiled.

"Do we have a class now?" "Yeah, in a couple of minutes", she answered as if it was a rational question. "We should go now, then" I said before I extended my hand and we left, who knows where to do who knows what.

### 2016-08-17

Tomorrow I won't be going to the United States after all. I asked Catherine, if she wanted to go just a couple of hours before we return early, but she said it was better to go another day.

I'm wearing the red jeans I bought in Target and the white and black blouse of Wal-mart. I was seen as a girl in the lab. This time the receptionist was a man. He was just cordially nice enough. He received my payment and confirmed my fast and asked about the way I'd like my results. Finally he assured, utilizing the feminine pronoun, that I'd be called.

I showered after my dad and Miguel left home. My mother asked me, where would I be going so early. I reminded her. I was already in the car when I realized I didn't have the remote to open the gate. I returned to the house and opened the mitsubishi to get my mother's remote and open the door. After leaving the keys in the table, I exited.

I got to the lab in a couple of minutes and was called to get my blood drawn. I felt clumsy knocking my bag to the wall after hanging it and then pushing the chair as I sat. The phlebotomist asked for my medication and made notes of them. After saying the names of the pills she looked up as if remembering what are they. I used the marketing names instead of the generic.

She took my blood and wished me a good day. The man who welcomed me ran to get the door for me. I walked towards the supermarket looking for a chocolate milk box and a packet of cookies. I found neither of them. I ended up buying a bottle of coffee flavored milk.

I drove home and my grandmother received me. I waited until it was time to therapy.

In there I did not know where to start.

My mother talked to me again, she asked me what happened with the psychologist that supervises, what was the conclusion to my asking what is going to happen with my patients. With my grandma then they confirmed how I do have changes. "I told her, 'call her, call her'... she looks beautiful".

With Rene I talked about Catherine's conversations this week. I even forgot to talk about Saturday's dinner at Chevo's. The end of the session was with the interpretation of my dreams. He added new things. "What was the alien? Who was the monster?" He asked me twice.

"Sofia!", you ran from it, and it took, killed your dad. You ended up in prison, because of it.

It didn't fit completely, until I fixed it. The threat changed across the dreams it turned more and more real. At first it was a monster and abstract, it was the chaotic future I expected, the "sickness" I feared. It turned more and more real until it became people, society.

When the purple march overcame us, Rene said it could be the pride parade.

From there I drove to Lili's. Catherine was already there. A minutes before the start of the meeting came Gilda. She knows me, she does have me in Facebook. She said hi like any other person would. There would be a fourth, a different one than the one who had seen me before.

She met me and said nothing. Lili never messed up and kept referring to all of us as women.

I came home. Then my mother did. I was in bed watching a video when, now I know, my grandmother asked her to call me so she could see me. She came and sat here, we talked a little about tomorrow's dinner.

It was later, when she called me again: "What do you propose?" I went and stood in the bar of the kitchen. "About what?" "We have to let Ivan go". She started crying silently and covering her face.

I sat besides her and the talk start.

She told me how she feels trapped between all of us, she wants to take care of the whole family. She sees me now, smiling and happy. And she sees too how after my dad calls me Ivan, the life out of my face fades away. She sees how whenever she calls me Sofia, the face of my dad changes as well.

We talked about that, how they still see Ivan in the couch, wearing his shorts and tank and his hair in a bun. She loved him, she will miss him.

The talk was long, and the thought of remembering it again bring tires me.

She asked me several times what could we do, how could we make this easier. Was therapy an option? The question scared me. How would it be to go all of us to therapy. I imagined what would I do. I don't do therapy, it's not my expertise and yet I had several ideas. I planned this whole dynamic.

Five chairs, Two for the brothers, two for the parents and one for the grandma. Then another two. In the first one, I would sit. This is Ivan. Then, the therapist would add another chair. But she is in the wrong seat. She belongs her, as the sister. This is Sofia. For 23 years she sat here, in his place, but finally she is were she belongs.

The chair would be empty. Everyone of us, would have a turn to say whatever they want to the empty seat. My mother would say how she loved me, and was proud of me, and she will always remember and cherish the time we spent together. My father maybe would open up and asked me not to go. He would say he wanted the very best for me. He'll miss me. My brothers maybe would say how they admired me and looked up to my achievements. They'll never forget what they learned from me. Finally it would be my turn. I would talk to the empty chair and tell him, that I was in his place, he was sad and he didn't enjoy life. He always thought about his family and wanted to be the very best to them. I could no longer fill his shoes. I would be me, and I know I'm taking his place, but I love him, anyway. I know he did what he could do, and it was the best. I'll never deny him.

Then, everyone would a have a turn to say something to me, in this chair, now my place. They could say how they accept me and love me. They could say lots of things that I don't want to pretend to know. Finally, in an act of closure, they would take the chair away. His chair is gone. We are the family that we are now.

How does everyone feel after Ivan's departure?

Should I take the chair before they talk to me in my new seat? Should I seat in Ivan's place to hear what they have to say to him, or hear it from my new seat? What is more powerful, to see me change seats or to talk to an empty one?

Why do I worry about it, if this is something I wouldn't bear to actually do?

### 2016-08-18

I'm home. This is my family. I congratulated my mom for her birthday. I sent her a simple message and a picture on her Facebook. We went to dinner. I wore the blue dress that Catherine so much likes.

I know I dreamt something. I told Catherine it was weird. I remember living through it and thinking how it was an amazing story. It is coming back to me. Maybe I write a little about it after remembering this day.

In the morning I made myself breakfast to take the pills. I ran out of spiro. Yesterday the results showed how my T levels are even lower than two months ago. They are just in the middle of the female range. I have no idea how the estrogen is affecting me or what the levels are. There is no alarm on the liver enzimes and my sugar is now at normal levels. On the other hand, the cholesterol is at a highest and the triglycerides are higher than normal, too.

He might ask me how is the exercise going and I think I'll have to tell him the truth. Should I ask about the other estrogen methods? Am I happy on the premarin? I guess I am. My mother asked me how many months I've been in the treatment. It was because of the changes. They are really fast. I am not even at four months and I am full time already.

Full time. I used to read about that and wonder how it would be. There is not a single time of the day I stop being Sofia. At home, with my friends, with my family. Now even at work. Iris, the new psychologist who works with Liliana and Gilda and Cathy and me, my new coworker has met me and is the first person who doesn't know my past. She is the first and only person to only know Sofia.

"Have you met each other?" asked us Lili. I don't remember her face but Catherine does. She said how she does remember our faces and pointed at the both of us. Had she seen me as a man before?

It doesn't matter.

I did not go to the United States as we had planned. Other day it will be. Both my mom and my dad came home and we left to the restaurant. I ordered a pita filled with meat. The waitresses did not gendered me, there was no need. My father pointed at me and did not say my name nor a pronoun as he had called Luis before. It was relieving. Maybe I am ready to the wedding after all.

Luis took pictures of all of us. My mom and my grandma took other ones with me at the fountain. My mom has one with just me. That is the one I like the most. She told me how Lydia, the mother of the twins, called her this morning to congratulate her and said how she was very proud of me, she admired me so much. She congratulated her as well for having a wonderful daughter.

I am her daughter. This is... new.

This is my life, this is how it feels to be alive. It is amazing.

Tomorrow Catherine will pick me up. I'll accompany her to her blood tests and she'll drive me to the endocrinologist. Today the secretary of the dr called me in the morning and asked me if he could see me earlier.

Before of that were the dreams. The first one I remember, I was walking out of school. I was not me, I was a grade school girl. At first I thought I was invisible, but no, I just had no parents... I saw the different ones as if I could choose who would take me. My body was one of a child but my mind was calculating and with a purpose. I found a woman who was perfect. Did I have to convince her to take me? I remember I she was getting on her car and I threw a rock to her windshield. She got of it and came looking. Behind her were a police car that got out and ran over her.

"This will do..." I thought moving over my next target. It was a grown man in a pick up. I talked to him and said something. I convinced him in a way. I got up and he drove. There were car wreckages all alongside the road. He ran over several people as well. What had I done? There were some kind of point system? Was he doing it on purpose? Was I in danger?

The dream changed in a way and we got out in this kind of building. Were we in a test? This was some kind of prototype of a game?

I sat besides a baby. He told me how he had seen love, real love. He felt the warmth of her caring smile caressing all his body. His life was because of her. He could not speak, he was a baby. How did I understand him? I looked at the tag in his head and is said something horrifying. What I thought was motherly love, wasn't. He was the father. Someone used his seed to make a new baby. He was to be disposed now. As if they farmed his dna. He was a disposable genetic material for procreation.

I thought something, and the woman who passed me by turned towards me and said: excuse me?

Did she hear me?

The next dream was different. It was an office, maybe in the same building. There was a line of cubicles with computers and a person to fill it and every spot. There was a problem with the network. When they finally resolved it, the doors locked and they all died. Was it poisoned gas or electroshocks from the terminals? Who was I?

What was I doing in there?

### 2016-08-19

Let's do this.

I have 53 minutes left until midnight. I was lying in bed just moments ago besides my mother. We talked about everything. The first times I left the house with woman's clothes, how I felt, the meaning behind my name and April as my proto-name, to her conversation with her coworkers and the reactions of the family.

 I went to the doctor today. Catherine picked me up a little before my mother left the house. I showered after my dad. Just my mother saw me with the tunic and the red leggings combining with the red shade of my lips. She told me how she was meaning to post the pictures on her Facebook, she even asked my dad. "As you wish", he said.

"And yesterday that we were in the dinner, I saw him and he was inhibited but not fully uncomfortable. He wasn't overly aware of his surroundings or extra attentive to other's people sights or faces. He felt the presence of other woman. Now it's not just me."

In the morning when she talked about the pictures she continued about her hesitation. She doesn't care that her coworkers know about this or their reaction. It was that this is not the way for my godmother to know and see me. She told me how she thought about going to her and telling her. Share this, in person.

Catherine arrived and we left. The first stop was the health clinic were she dropped her stool samples and we waited until they drew her blood. In the waiting room there was a woman with a baby. He smiled and looked at me and I returned the playful gesture. When we left she was seating in the driver's seat of the van besides us. She smiled as we exchanged looks. Did she notice? Did she clock me?

Catherine drove me to the meeting with the endocrinologist. We were just in time. The guard welcomed us as ladies and I signed the sheet. This time there were no credentials. Upped the stairs we got in the waiting room. The receptionist was a different woman who doesn't know me. I had to say how I had an appointment and declare my name. As time passes it does get easier.

Inside with the dr he asked me how I've been. Since when did we see us? Two months, and did I have my blood drawn? Yeah. He asked about my mammary glands, my breasts. How are they? I mentioned the sensitivity and aches. He asked for the volume. Yeah, it has changed, too. Headaches? Taquicardia? Leg pains?

He checked my weight, and my reflexes and blood pressure and my blood levels and touched my liver and appendix and all those internal stuff.

The T levels diminished even more. Everything is fine and well. He congratulated me on those numbers and hoped for everything to continue perfectly. The next meeting will be in four months. I'll continue with the same regimen.

From there we walked to the car and she drove me to the pharmacy. I used the lower discount card so I would not have issues with the other one with Ivan's name and picture. I bought the asepxia tissues and gel for Luis. I asked only for the spiro pills.

We ate breakfast in the place we usually eat breakfast. The waiter referred to us as ladies. Everything went well.

Catherine said there was this place she wanted to visit where they have all this kinds of clothes and dresses. We got inside and I felt unease with the different clothes. I could not differentiate from the good and the bad ones. I felt ignorant.

Lastly we went to the university. I saw Cabrales and Viloria. Neither of them added me to the new profile. Did they recognize me? I know Yadira did. She asked us how we were. We got both letters and there was no problem with my name. I didn't even had to say it out-loud.

My mom came home late at night, she went with her friends for a drink, was it because of me? She came to my room and lied besides me. The conversation started because of that. My godmother took it well. There was a reaction in her face and confusion but mostly acceptance. She was offended when my mother mentioned the possibility of her rejection.

They knew about me. The teacher who sees my mother as a mother figure saw my post on her profile congratulating her on her birthday. I said "mom", and she got jealous. Who was this lost daughter? She stalked my profile and saw the pictures. Again I looked a lot to Ivan. The similarities were astounding. She got to the manifesto. She read it and found the cause of my mom's recent distress. This is the change she was talking about.

Some of them knew.

The conversation was how she had it in her for so long, why did Miguel not say something before, how my father is coming to terms with it. Having patience. Accepting, supporting.

There are more and more mother and daughter conversations lately. Is this how it feels to have a real connection with your family? Is this how support feels like?

### 2016-08-20

I took my mother's advice. I'm home, already changed and I'm wearing a different set of sandals and other shorts that are not Ivan's. Even though I am in pajamas now, I still have the bra on. The shirt that I took from Catherine is what I have on top. We did go to the United States. I did not ask to Ross nor mentioned the wedding.

Yesterday I had asked and they confirmed it. I put the alarm to wake me up early enough. Were we going to go or not, I oughted to get up in the morning. Liliana canceled yesterday our meeting to give us the manuals and formats. As I got up Luis was already in the living room, changed and watching tv. It was 7 in the morning. Later would he tell me that he got up before 6. The whole day he was struggling to stay awake.

I showered and changed. I wore the red blouse and gray jeggings. I put on my makeup and thought I looked fine. This would be another day with my family. Other time I would cross the border en femme. Time passed and everything got into place. We left the house at 10 in the morning. We would all go to the office for me to get the papers and from there would we go. In the excess time we had before hand, we stopped in the bank. My mother stayed waiting and my dad drove me to the office. I waited just a couple of minutes in her waiting room. I looked at myself in the mirror across the couch. The text I sent her stayed unseen when we met. She greeted me complimenting me on my looks. "Good morning, my pretty girl". Later, inside the conversation she reinforced her own compliment confirming that I do look really beautiful. I thanked her and smiled while I had the papers in my arms.

We picked up my mom and crossed the border. The first place we stopped was the currency exchange booth. My dad took off and my mother gave Luis a 500 bill, then another one to me and finally, the last one to Luis. He went to exchange it.

We ate breakfast in the Jack in the Box. I ordered a different item from the menu. The buttery I don't know what jack or burger. It was fine.

We went to Target. I got separated from them and directed myself to the ladies section. It feels surreal to look for clothes there normally. Exploring the area without worry, putting blouses against my body not caring who is beside me or looking, when would I imagine I'd do it without a second thought? I bought two blouses and a blue tank top. I did not try any of them until home, they all fit fine. The blue one is a little tight. Miguel got lost and my mother stayed in the cafeteria. Miguel got out of the dressing room. While they were in line to the cashier I looked for shorts to be around the house. I keep thinking the words my mom told me. They see me in Ivan's clothes. They see him when I'm wearing them. I don't want that. I wish I could have what Catherine described that other day: "I would still wear the clothes until they don't fit me anymore, until my body doesn't match them. I would want to see the mismatch between us, and see me outgrown them."

I looked in the sales area and got between two girls chatting. They were commenting the clothes and exchanging exclamations and observations. Did they see me, notice me? When I let the one behind me pass, she excused herself. Would they talk about that person in that area? Was that a girl or a boy?

Yesterday in the school, when we were waiting for the letter from the principal office, I thought I heard one the three med students ask, "is that a girl? a young man?" I paid no attention and let the words go. I wasn't sure, and even if they were mustered, I would not know their meaning.

I found the shorts and chose two. I'll wear them in Mexicali with Catherine. The day after tomorrow we'll leave the city. We'll be together for a week. From monday until friday, like we used to be in school. Except we'll share the nights as well. It's amazing specially because of the nights and the mornings.

### 2016-08-21

The baggage is almost ready. The clothes and underwear and towel and shoes are all in there. In the box that Luis gave me I put under lock the condoms, the bottle of lubricant and the vibrator. It's almost full. The bag with toiletries is the only thing that's left to put. Just now as I turn towards my bed, the thought of not going to sleep here after today for a week hit me. Will I take the pillow with me? Will it fit?

I am excited. As much excited that I don't even care about the name or the situation. Will I say Sofia when they ask ours for the ticket? I don't know, maybe. The only thing that matters is that I'll be with Catherine for the week. My father will take both my brothers to school tomorrow. My mom, anyway, will leave early, she has to arrange and set her classroom. I think I will get to the bus station in an uber. It will be the first time that I ask and take one for myself. It will appear Sofia in there.

I went and asked my mother for glue. After pasting the cover and back cover back to the notebook I planned to take, I have decided that I'll take the red moleskine instead. I keep thinking, trying to decide if I take or not my purse. I feel a thousand times more comfortable with it than with the gray backpack.

Why? It's not specifically male. Catherine likes it. I don't know.

I keep getting myself distracted instead of finishing this and getting to sleep. Tomorrow I have to wake up early so I finish setting everything up and leaving with time. I am nervous.

Tomorrow will be the start of a new week. Luis will go to school, my mom will start with classes. I will leave the city for a week. This will be the longest I'll sleep with Catherine. We will buy the groceries together and prepare our own food.

I think about the uber to the bus station, the morning routine and race with time. I think about saying or not my name to the clerk of the bus and getting to my grandma's and what will happen in the school there. I haven't given a thought about Edgar's reaction. What does he expect? He took it alright according to my mother and grandma... but, I think I fear the accepting ones even more. They tend to take it lightly and playfully. It's way more comfortable the awkward silence of tense people, their try of pretending that nothing has changed.

This morning my godmother sent me a friend. I accepted without a second thought. Yesterday my mother had said how she told her she pretended to talk with me. Maybe that was it. She commented on my profile with greetings and good wishes and the support of all her family. She called me goddaughter and it felt nice. Again, I was sure that was it.

I got up from bed and looked out to see all of the cars. I opened the fridge with the intention to heat my one week old biscuit. I was just about to set the time when I decided against it. It went to the thrash. Moments later my dad got in with bags from the convenience store and the paper bag with the characteristic yellow star.

I ate my food and went to the bathroom. Exiting my mother called me and said my godmother just asked her if she could call me. I was entering the bathroom so she told her I was eating. I was free now, wasn't I? Sure. I was petrified on the inside. The mismatch between they knowing and my voice discomforts me. What do they expect to hear Ivan? They know how I look now, how do they think I sound? How do I sound?

The conversation or what she had to say to me was something secondary. I brought the clothes from the drying machine and was folding them when the phone rang. I answered anxiously but surely. She said good morning with a joyous candace in her voice. How was I, fine, how was her. She asked to call because maybe we all had an occupied night yesterday and you never know... Yeah, I know...

Then she said: "And how is the planning going?" Wait, what? Oh. She thought I was my mother...

"uh, I am not Laura". She laughed nervously, surprised and shock. I could hear through the phone how everything made sense. Yeah, I am not a man now, has my voice changed that much? Wow.

It's not the first time I've been mistaken as my mother. Why did this feel different? Why was this so reassuring and comforting?

### 2016-08-22

I waited for you under the rain two hours, a thousand hours, like a dog. When you arrived, you looked at me and told me "Crazy, I don't love you anymore".

The first time I heard that song I was in high school with Mariana. It was my first concert. Everything ... I lost track of that thought. It doesn't matter. I'm sitting with Catherine by my side eating Edgar's food. We are in Mexicali.

I woke up this morning early. I got up from bed just as my dad and brothers were leaving home. It was just a couple of minutes after six. I got in the shower and started the routine. My mother was supposed to be leaving home by that time but she was not awaken by her alarm.

The luggage was all set and ready. I talked with Catherine just as she woke up. The morning past and the free time I had I used to eat breakfast and watched the first half of the Spider-man movie.

Catherine would be taken to bus station by her mother. My mother had left already so I was just alone. I had decided to take an uber. I called for it minutes before nine.

I left the house with my red blouse and denim shorts. My lips were red and my lashes full. One man was walking with thrash bags to the container. He passed me by and greeted me without gendering me. The uber approached and I waved to him. I got in after putting my luggage. He said something to me but I did not understand.

"Would you come to the front seat? The taxi drivers at the bus station might get a little aggressive." Sure, of course.

The drive went calm and silent. The voice from the radio station was talking about Trump and his searching for the latino vote.

"Do you believe him?" I just laughed and told him no.

He left me there and I waited for a little while. I was early. The time we accorded to was 9:20. There were some people with their baggage waiting there. One of them looked at me, he was a young boy. I caught three pokemon. I had my aunt's number in a pink piece of paper. I was nervous with the idea of calling her. How would I introduce myself? What voice should I use?

"My own" and the answer seems so obvious, and yet I doubted it. Which one is mine? Do I need to fake my voice? Is the natural one not mine?

Catherine asked me to see the timetables. The next buses would go out at 10:30, an hour after she would arrive. When she came, I went out the help her out of the car. Her mother saw me before her. She asked the woman behind the counter of Aguacalientes' Buses. She informed us the next one would leave in five minutes. She asked us if we were students. Catherine answered with the truth.

She asked for our names, Catherine went first. She looked at me, but Catherine's voice was faster. "Sofia Fernandez". It was done. Later would she notice how she gave us two of the six seats reserved for women.

I sent a text message to my mother and Catherine to hers. I typed the message to my aunt. I preferred that to calling her. Maybe that wasn't the correct choice.

We both fell asleep on our way here. I first and then she reclined her head to take her turn. When we woke up we kissed as we hadn't in a long, long time. Neither of us gave a thought to the people who could see us.

Leaving the Rumorosa, as the first moment I got signal, I called my aunt. "Hi, Aunt Cruz, I am Sofia, the daughter of Laura..." I told her how we were on our way. She was waiting already at the bus station. For a moment it felt awkward, was she annoyed?

She brought us home, and my grandma welcomed us. We walked towards the school and look for refuge from the heat in the cafeteria. She ordered a sandwich and I a yakimeshi. It was weirder than the last time I was in the university, even though here nobody knows me. I was in a classroom, paying attention, surrounded by people.

"I'm just waiting for the two people who would come from Tijuana" Javier asked. He was talking about us.

"Which one is Catherine? And you?"

"Sofia"



### 2016-08-23

This was the second day of the course. We're home now. The door was open, Edgar was waiting for us.

Yesterday we had sex. After returning from the class, Edgar was already here. I introduced Catherine to him and he cooked his chicken for today. He had said to my grandma how he wanted to talk to his "little sister", I'd be lying if I say that I was not nervous or even a little afraid of what he could had wanted to say to me. He made no mention of the elephant in the room. He treated just as he always has. It was the little things as he referred to the feminine plural to us, or called us "Sofia, Catherine, the chicken is ready if you want to eat".

The only kind of mention was a subtle question with a look: "how is everyone back home?"

He said he would be leaving to change a tire, he'd be back soon. Catherine and I went to bed and fooled around. I teased her a little and she wanted to go further. Edgar would be back at any moment and the danger of being caught was exhilarating.

I made no mention of the fucking we did in yesterday's words. I don't remember if we took all of our clothes off. We touched each other. We took out a condom and tried to put it on my member. The cum was minimal but the orgasm dumbfounding. It was globally and way more intense than other times. I felt an explosion from the tip of my genitals irradiating to my whole body, a pulsating wave of pleasure.

We went to sleep. We woke up in the middle of the night and continued. "What time is it?" "3 in the morning", she answered back in a whisper. "Oh, that's why I'm barely awake".

The session continued a couple hours later after falling and coming back to sleep. This time I made her come. We would get up later in the morning and continued where we left off. This time I made her come again. We showered and dressed. We went to the market and bought groceries for the rest of the week.

I made her breakfast and she cooked lunch. We ate eggs with a salsa of fresh tomatoes and she prepared tuna with a can of mixed vegetables.

We watched the first episode of Stranger Things in Netflix. After it finished we walked to school. The plan was born on our way there. Maybe we could order an uber to take us to Hookahfe, the cafe with Hookahs, after class. I sent Edgar a text message telling him we would be late and not to worry about us.

The class finished 20 minutes after time it should had ended. Today the class was about the history of Neuropsychology, its general terms and basic syndromes. Again it was mostly information that we already now, although the review was pretty useful. The new terms were few but was the whole worth of today's class.

After walking out, I ordered the uber and raced it to the meeting point. Catherine sat in the front row and again was asked if she was Sofia. I wonder sometimes how people really see me. In the class, do they see me as one of the girls who came from Tijuana, or am I the weird androgynous person who might be a transvestite man or an unfortunately woman.

Maybe they don't notice me at all.

No, I am not invisible.

The uber took us to the cafe and we entered, the waitress asked us if we were ready in the feminine, and gendered us that way the whole time. She was nice and attentive. Did I mishear when she told the couple in front of us she would take their tea pitcher "for them [masculine]"? Probably, the only difference is a vowel, and even then it would be the general neutral way. I did not focused on that like other days.

We smoked a hookah with mixed shisha of coffee and vanilla, and the base was filled with milk. Catherine ordered a hot dog with chilli.

We decided to go eat dinner. In the university she was starving. We walked around and went to a grill and ordered three tacos each. They were tasty. The waiters again called us girls. The last one even made a comment of how he could set the bill in the middle as we were both woman.

"How do you feel with being out?", she asked me once while we ate. I forget about it, and that's the best thing of all. I can just forget that I have something to worry about. I, finally, just enjoy being me while being with her.

### 2016-08-24

I'm sitting at the table right now. Catherine is eating her instant soup and we both have a glass of beer with clam juice.

We woke up again, this time I got up from a dream and went to the bathroom. In the dream I juggled different appointments and struggle to remember which was with whom and when. I was outside of a psych consultation room, I was waiting for my therapist. Yolanda came out and gave me a present.

I woke up and went to the bathroom. When I returned to bed I saw how Catherine noted my absence and hugged me from behind as I accompanied her under the sheets.

Later in the morning we started fooling around with our hands and the vibrators. We were both naked and moaning and I had the blue toy between her legs, she was closed to coming when suddenly asked me to stop.

We made breakfast, this time it was her turn. She prepared ham and eggs. We sided them with the white rice Edgar had made Monday. We showered and got ready. We had the plans of going to the Mall downtown. We might look around for a dress or a wallet. I wore the white dress. I applied a little make up and thought I looked fine. I didn't even care much about the razor machine. I just passed it once without glasses before entering the shower.

I ordered the uber and he picked us up from the front door. He left us there and the first store we visited was Sears. We looked around and firstly saw a blue dress, crossed in the front, elegant and formal. The price was high but razonable. I thought about buying, I could take it with me to a fitting room. We continued looking around and got to the area of dresses. After browsing them, we decided to pick three different ones. One black, and two blue.

We entered together to the fitting room and the first one I tried was the long one, Catherine had picked it. She helped me putting it over my head and shoulders and zipping it up. I looked fine.

Just now I'm returning from the bathroom, it's the fourth time today that I go and sit and try to evacuate. It's fruitless. Just gas and clear water. I feel my stomach bloated. I feel fat and a little ugly. Maybe that's why I wondered after exiting the store how people saw me. I walked around the whole day in a white dress, but did people really see a young woman? I saw no judging sights nor doubting faces. There were no strange comments and the people who gendered me all did it correctly. It was all in my head.

"I got a little sad after the boutiques" "You got saddened by yourself"... "That's what I said"

We were wandering about the mall, looking for different boutiques were we could find other dresses. Each one was another hit to my self-image. The number of items were fewer and from the ones they did have, just a fraction were even a size possible of fitting me. From the three dresses that we brought, just one fit. Another didn't close and the third one I couldn't even pass my head through the neck hole. My bigger head than normal, my non-female gigantic head.

The first boutique we got into, the seller saw us enter. Catherine asked her for dresses in the bigger sizes. She showed us the few she had and made the comment of how the rest of the bigger ones were not in a young style but the ones older women would wear.

She later tried to make more nice comments or helping suggestions, but by them I just wanted to get out.

As my mood continued to get worse, I thought Catherine had gotten a little sick of me. I asked her what she wanted to do and she answered back with a question: "Do you want to go home?" I saw a glimpse of disappointed doubt, but ended confirming it. We got back home and I prepared the pasta.

In my urge of getting it all right, of returning the favor of cooking this time, I almost-ruined everything. I had to change clothes to avoid spilling my dress. We ate the pasta and the leftovers from Edgar's chicken.

In the class, there was a girl who started a conversation with me, then other guy came and asked if we were the ones that really came from Tijuana. Do we come and go everyday? Were are we staying? The girl looked a lot like Andrea. Catherine would later pass me a note with the same message.

The master asked a question and as I whispered the answer to Catherine, he heard the right one from our side. He gendered me female, too. "She said it first"

Later, making a comment of how us, the girls from Tijuana were beating them, asked us for the topographical diagnosis of a Wernicke's Aphasia. He didn't expect us to answer.

And yet I said:

"The third posterior area of the superior... temporal gyrus?"

"Give the points to her"

I was happier to hear the her, than the appreciation to my correct answer.

### 2016-08-25

We laughed in bed, we laughed out loud, those times when you can't stop, and your stomach hurts and you even cry a little. We were trying of thinking of names for a pet. I said that I had thought about Luria, the last name of the father of modern neuropsychology. I remember about Paulino, one of my classmates in Salamanca, he has a cat. His name is either Freud or Sigmund. I think it's Freud. I could name my dog Luria. We tried to recall the series and books we like. Game of thrones? What about Khalessi... No, I'd prefer Daenerys. Hodor?

Series, like Daredevil, maybe foggy. Or Luke and Killergrave from Jessica Jones. Maybe Sherlock, she liked it but I didn't.

The motive of our laughs was that we thought about Luria, Alexandra might offend Paola. So, maybe a part of the brain? Which are the cool named ones? Hippocampus? Nah, Broca, or Wernicke, maybe... We named the meninges, pia madre, dura madre... that other part named putamen. We started laughing. I tried to say them out loud but said instead Puta madre, mixing both of them. She even cried a little.

Why were we thinking of names of pets?

Yesterday my aunt called in the afternoon to invite us to eat lunch at her house. We were just finishing the pasta I made. I felt a little bad turning her off, but accepted her offer to postpone. Even today we had in mind she might call us again to confirm.

We were in bed watching Stranger things when I heard the fence tingle. She knocked into the window and I opened her the door. She said she came for us to pick us up, she might take us to school. Had we eaten? We told her the truth so she said we could go to her house to eat and then she take us to the university.

Catherine put her shoes and we left. I was wearing the black blouse with the white vest. Underneath I had the burgundy jeans. She is wearing shorts and a white t-shirt of the beatles. We are both at the table right now, with a glass each of beer and clam juice.

When we got to her house I hoped nobody were home. I worried a little too, about what were we going to eat. Getting in I heard the cries of little animals. She has two little puppies. They were so small they could even fit in my shoe. They were white little balls of fur with four legs to crawl on the floor. We sat at the table for her to finish slicing the lettuce. I felt tiny nails scratching my feet and look down to find one trying to climb my foot. She used her tiny paws to get on my leg. Catherine said she was trying to find the warmth of her mother.

I envy sometimes Catherine and her relationship with her dog. I wish I could had or have something of the like. I've had dogs before. The first one was Sparky. And he was actually mine. But he never acknowledged me. He was mine, but I never were his. He wouldn't had recognized me. I was afraid of him until they took him away and died. The second one was Max, he was a white pitbull but his stay was short and we never really got to know each other. I was still afraid of him. The first one was given to us by my godmother and Jessica, the second by the Tae Kwon Do teacher. My grandmother took him to Mexicali and then gave him to someone else, he died too, a little after.

The last dog that lived with us was Stitch. I wasn't afraid of him. But never really tried to bond either. He wasn't mine, I didn't want him. Was I scared of him dying? Was I trying to avoid not getting to know him, too? That he, even after all that time would never recognize me either.

I have never liked feeling invisible.

So this time I was hesitant to even acknowledge the want of staying with the little puppy on my feet. I wanted her to come home with me, to sleep by my room and give me the chance to take care of her. I like the idea of being the carer of another. Having some one more fragile than me, more needing of care. Feeling useful and accompanied. Needed and loved.

Maybe I will ask my aunt to the chance of staying with her and name her.

### 2016-08-26

We are home once again. This is the last night we're going to sleep together in my grandma's bed. This is the end of our short practice as living partners. I try to recall the many things we did and visited and I can't help to smile. She is right behind me snooping like many of the last nights. I don't mind her eyes. I don't have to worry about her judging me.

We saw the last chapter of Stranger Things last night. We started the series as we got here. My aunt brought us from the bus station and my grandma welcomed us. Tomorrow, the same aunt will drive us there and my grandma will expect me home.

This morning Catherine woke me. This was the latest I've gotten up since we got here. I dreamed something but can't remember it. Catherine had the breakfast ready. She cooked the potatoes with the chorizo we bought, she prepared it just for us. This morning I went to the bathroom and finally stop leaking clear water.

I asked Catherine for her help to decide the clothes I'd wear. She picked the long-tailed blouse. So, if my aunt would pick us up again, she'd see me femininely. We were lying in bed doing or talking I don't remember what. When we started kissing and touching each other. The heat of the moment embraced us and did what nature expected from us. I kissed her lips and neck, she touched my breasts and nibbled my nipples. I went down her chest, her stomach, I bit her underwear and kissed under it. We both knew what was coming next. I pushed my lips trough the cloth of her panties. Her lubricant's taste surrounded my mouth. I caressed her clitoris with the point of my tongue, moved it around trying to control her moans.

Today I asked her to penetrate me. I wanted her inside of me. I love the feeling of being dominated, owned by her, being totally under her control.

We fooled around on the bed, switching who was with her eyes closed and her legs opened. Finally, as we were both to coming, she proposed having our clitorises together. We came at the same time, like those memories I cherish.

We showered together. This time it wasn't passionate or even erotic. It was functional, practical. More than anything it was intimate.

We ate as practical as we got ready. I made a sandwich, fresh with mayo and ham, slices of tomato and cucumber. She made herself with the bread toasted and hot. I sliced the rest of the cucumber and put it into two separate containers. She put the sauces and the clamato juice. I crushed the churritos, and put them into mine. She would wait to get to the university or the store and buy a bag of tostitos.

We were talking in bed when my phone rang and was my aunt. She said she was home and asked if we ate already for us to eat at her house. I said we had, but could go and stay a while with her if she wanted. I had thought the night before about telling her, saying something about wanting to keep one of the puppies. We even talked about names. It was becoming more and more real. The want wasn't just a game or a fantasy anymore. It was becoming something more, a wish that could lead to disappointment and lose. It's a little scary.

The phone rang a little while later. This time it was my cousin saying he was outside. We got our things and left home. He drove us and made chit chat. He didn't seem nervous or bothered. Didn't I really have anything to worry? Is this going to be like with everybody else?

I played with the puppies and mentioned my wish to keep them. My aunt commented how it would be good to not separate them. I could keep and care one, but two of them?

My aunt served us some of the food she made anyway. We ate it and spent the hour before school with them. Valeria came and saw us. How does she see me? She never really knew me before. She had met me, but... how is it for her? I never knew somebody like me.

In the university we had the last session. Javier made the mention and honored us for coming from Tijuana. We stayed a while with him afterwards.

We went to Hookahfe again, this time we ordered a hookah flavored with grape and the base was of red wine.

The uber home kept referring us as girls. Even after me talking, he called us girls.

Do I pass? Can I be comfortable now presenting outside, going to the restroom?

Can I keep my guard down and let myself be? What more do I need?


### 2016-08-27

I'm home and yet I feel homesick. The feeling that cursed me when I returned from Spain, that unfamiliarity and strangeness that stank the bed that was supposed to welcome me. I see the bed all made and clean, waiting for me to rest in it, my comfortable pillows and used-to mattress. I thought I would miss it. I miss Catherine now.

I was seeing the pictures of this last week. Our smiles and playful faces, the videos of us preparing and cooking breakfast. I love us even more seeing the cheerful faces with unkept hair and night clothes. I love the feeling of the hotness of her body warming me under the fresh sheet. I'll miss the ability to reach her waking up in the night. Feeling missed and welcomed as I return from the bathroom.

This was supposed to be a try or mock-up of what we could expect living together. Doing the grocery shopping and exchanging turns of doing the dishes and cooking. How underestimated is the pleasure of asking someone to come to bed with you.

Just now I feel my throat hugging itself and my eyes watering. Is the homesickness and nostalgia of the week or the coming back of the consciousness of the condition I'm in here?

We had to get up early in the morning to get ready for when my aunt would pick us up. The alarm started its song at 7 in the morning. I asked her to postponed it and she agreed. I appreciated every extra minute as a treasure. We showered and got ready. Our baggage was set and done. We had talked about going to taste the pig meat tacos. Edgar showered after me. He asked me when would we like to leave, he could give us a ride. I told him not to worry, my aunt already proposed to take us. We would leave in a couple of hours. He said he'd go to the gym then. He said his good-bye. I extended my hand but he denied it. He reached for a hug and I reciprocated it awkwardly. He was really nice, the whole week. He treated me normally, made no comments or showing of discomfort. He used my name, he called us in the feminine. He met Catherine. It all went well, amazingly good. His good-bye was a small scaled remembrance of the period of departures in my time in Spain. The painful signal that the magical bubble period where everything is fantastic was just about to burst.

We walked and order our tacos. Each one of us ordered two. After finishing we made a stop at the place crossing the street. We ate one taco each of birria. The name of the place was Salamanca's tacos.

My aunt came for us and drove us to the station. Our father's picked us up. He made some chit chat. For a little while I ignored the minutes old nervousness of him seeing me with a blouse that shows the contours of my breasts. He asked me how the trip was, how the course went. I talked back and everything felt normal, just like the passed days. My expectations did not come. There is nothing wrong with me, nothing abnormal. I can forget being trans. I'm just me.

He asked me to tell my mom that he had picked me up already, and asked her if she wanted us to come get her. I hesitated at writing the message. Should I had written it from his perspective, would writing Sofia be exceptional to the point of surprise? Would I be able to type Ivan? The feeling came, I remembered again the difficulty of living here, where my past haunts me.

I asked to go to Costco. I've been running out of pills. My mother and father took me. For once I remembered the feeling of being an only child. We met my godmother there. I separated myself and when I turned I saw them saying hi to somebody. I returned and greeted them. She called me "mija", and said how seeing me she wondered "Is that really her?". It was validating, another nod to this successful trip. Even Jose, her son, said nothing, either with his mouth or eyes.

Getting to the line, my mother asked me to exchange an item. I went and returned. I can't remember why I separated again. This time I got lost.

I looked for them, I felt disoriented. When I found them my dad was waving at me. I was far away not to hear them, but close enough to see his lips crearly. My mother turned to him and he made a face of explanation, his lips read "perdido".

I recognized the circling of the mouth that telegraphs the final and masculine O. My mother lift a finger and looked at him with correcting eyes. Her lips were as clear as his and danced just like his, as well, almost the same movements. All but the last one: a final opened aperture marking an ending feminine a. "Perdida". There was an emphasis in that ending.

Weeks ago she was changing the way she referred to me and now she was correcting him.

Why did I feel sick? Why did I wanted the earth to swallow me whole and return me to Mexicali or somewhere else where I would freely forget about my incongruence?

### 2016-08-28

I went and returned from Aidee's. I met her son. At first he was peacefully asleep on his grandparents bed. I sat in front of the mirror and paid attention to what she explained to me.

Yesterday I put the alarm even though I was not going to need to wake up early. I spent the night enjoying my bed, it was hard getting up from bed. I slept most of the night and was as restless as my return in the bus. I postponed the alarm various times. I can't remember the dreams that distracted me from waking up.

My father had just returned from buying breakfast.

Luis is here behind my back.

I took my pills and went to the shower. I hesitated looking for clothes to wear. What could I choose? Should I go feminine or ambiguos? Catherine yesterday told me to wear the white blouse with the jeans I was wearing or the burgundy ones. Both of them are dirty. I took the white blouse and the first pair of jeans she lend me. After showering I put on the gray jeggings and took a blue blouse from the closet. I changed from it, to a green one, then the red one from Guadalajara and finally returned to the first outfit.

Writing this feels tiring. I feel exhausted and look at my bed with desire of closing my eyes and resting.

Why am I avoiding talking about the make up session? I started narrating it. I talked about Aidee and her son, I was sitting in her parent's bedroom waiting for her to bring her things.

She helped me, she explained the uses and types of brushes. She put primer on my face and then foundation in half of my face. The lesson was a little weird. I didn't feel once that I was putting on a disguise or having a make over. I always felt like a woman learning a necessary skill. She never misgendered me once. Even when her sister came she always talked about me in the feminine.

It felt validating, amazing. After the make up, she did my hair. She undid the curls and moved the hairline more to the left.

We went downstairs and continued talking about how I've been, how my parents have taken it, my brothers and family. We talked about Monica. She asked first if she knew about me and I took the chance to say what I've been meaning to take out. I told her about everything. How she broke up with me, how we separated and returned over and over, how in august she saw me for fifteen minutes after nine months of not seeing each other, how in October she told me she was not ready to be my friend and selfishly made this difficult phase and episode of my life about her, how later this year I talked to her and her first response was to ask me if I still doubted I had hurt her, how she told me how no matter what I am, it doesn't change the fact I behaved like an asshole towards her.

"I don't know how you kept talking to her... Did you never see her like that, how she really was?"

Valeria and Omar and all of them excluded her from the group, too. I did know, but did not remember at the time, how she had been with Rupit. They were together for a while in high school. They broke up and she had some meetups with Omar. Did I know that? Maybe, there was something of the like, I think. I had distanced myself from them by then.

Something happened between both of them, she told me... "What do you mean between both of them?"

Omar and Rupit liked each other. Omar told us how he was confused. Maybe he was obsessed with our relationship because he was jealous. He wanted Rupit more than he wanted me.

They talked about it, Rupit felt something similar towards Omar. They got together once and talked about it just the two of them... Did they did something? Surely they kissed at least. I put myself in that place, alone with someone whom I like and feel something towards, knowing that they feel something similar in the same way. I don't see how we would not kiss each other.

Well, I was alone with Monica for months before any of us dared to kiss.

I took a picture and sent it to Catherine, the end result. I told Aidee how I liked it, and I wasn't really lying. It was different, I saw myself new... I didn;t really know hoe I looked.

Tomorrow I'll see her. Maybe I'll buy something.

### 2016-08-29

Finally the day arrived when I could go to the United States, several times we had to cancel and postpone it. This week is the graduation. I woke up early in the morning. Not by four like I had considered, but near 6. I'd be leaving home with my mother, after 8 I'd take the bus to the border and cross to meet Catherine at her school. I got up and showered. I even shaved a little with the razor and brush. In the late night I felt discomfort in my sleep. This concern about turning, this uneasiness in my stomach. I worried while in the shower. I got out of it and stood in front of the toilet. I finally threw up. A brown sugary mixture of donuts and milk and meatballs splashed the water. An electrical tingle crawled through my arms. My legs felt weak and broken, the strong nauseous smell scratched my nostrils. The half digested food came again. I flushed the muddy water and returned to the shower.

I came down stairs and sent a message to Catherine telling her I had thrown up, but I felt better now. I had several of hers telling me she was ready but had thrown up... "Sofia, I threw up again". Yesterday she told me in messages by midnight how she couldn't fall asleep. Her tummy was hard and swollen. I asked her disappointed if she wanted to cancel. I felt frustrated and upset. Once again would we postpone it. She felt really bad, she had diarrhea, she didn't want to drive feeling this way. Maybe later could we go? She'd pick me up.

I felt the nausea again, coming from within, crawling through my viscera with its long and bony fingers. I went with my mother and told her I had thrown up and would not go. I returned to bed and lied down to sleep. The morning I spent in a conflicted slumber. I tossed and torn with the nausea pushing my insides with every change of position. I felt the acidness of the gastric juices burning my throat. I wanted to vomit again and the mere thought of it made me sicker.

At first I was disappointed with Catherine's decision to cancel. Even though she proposed to see how we went along the morning, I couldn't had gone. The whole morning passed under my sheets in sweat and nightmares. I got up after two. Cande had made me chicken and rice. I was not hungry. I didn't want to take the pills because of the fear of throwing them up with the breakfast. I cut one of the chickens in half and served it with a generous spoonful of white steamed rice. One mouthful of the spicy animal was enough to realize it was a bad idea. I returned it to the pan and scrambled two eggs with three cherry tomatoes. Maybe the freshness of it would be a better option.

I finished and ate it with the rice. The last spoons were hard to swallow. I forced myself to finish leaving more than half the fresh fruits. I lied in the couch and watched something. Was it a movie or was it a series? I think it was the unfinished episode of The strain I did not completed yesterday.

I returned to bed and answered the messages to Catherine and Anahi. Would I be healthier tomorrow to redo the plans? Wednesday we will meet with Anahi after my therapy. Thursday is the graduation of jhonny and Saturday it's the party.

The days keep passing by, it seems as if it was planned on purpose. The day will come and I won't have the clothes nor shoes to wear.

I slept again with the stomach sensitive and fragile. My mom and brother came, little after my dad and Miguel got in, too.

Should I had gone to the doctor? I was scared. I feared the reaction or way of treating me I would face. Either I'd go with Hector, the doctor who knows me and has treated me almost all of my life, or I would avoid him and decide to go to a fresh out of school youngun in the clinics attached to the pharmacies. What name would I give? Would they respect it? How would I look with the gloomy cloud of sickness over me.

I trembled and cried in bed. After my mom and dad left somewhere I asked my grandma to cook me a soup and it calmed the rest of the symptoms that the paracetamol did not tame.

I am still a little scared. About the doctor, about the week and the clothes and the rush, about throwing up again and feel the weakness crush me to bed once again.

### 2016-08-30

I know Xennia since we were both 4 years old. I learn to write and read with her. I think I remember that she was the first girl I kiss. I innocently walked towards her and planted a childish kiss on her cheek. She wiped her face and nothing happened. Today she knew about me.

I went to sleep sickish and spent the night drowned in sweat. Did I have feverish nightmares? No. I didn't woke up with nausea or the urges to run to the bathroom. I woke up early, before dawn. I heard the voices of my grandma and one of my brothers. Who was it? She offered to make him something, he answered back. Luis.

I got up and drank water to cover the taste of acid in my throat. I returned to bed and went back to slumber. My grandma came later and brought me a bowl of soup, the can I found yesterday of chicken and rice. I remembered how I got up and taste it. I could see the memory, the sensations of the hot plate and the metallic spoon bringing the broth to my mouth. I turned to find the plate still steaming and unmoved.

I heard the vibrations of the phone. Catherine told me early how she would have to go today to school to be an hour in the computer lab. She'd meet a classmate there to copy the notes of the week she was absent. I heard the vibrations of a new text again. I turned to the wall and kept my eyes closed. 'Maybe it's her, she's telling me to catch up to her, we could go shopping. I should picked it up'.

I decided not to, and slept again.

An hour later I finished the soup and read the texts. She had arrived earlier than she thought. She invited me to go, then, in my silence, she reminded herself I felt bad, I could not got.

No, I had nausea again, I couldn't, could I?

We talked a little. I should try to shower anyway. I wanted to, the other option is going Thursday before the act and find something. But... I feel pressured enough, what if I don't find anything? The times we've looked I've bought short dresses. Catherine herself told me how she has find the long ones she's bought.

I showered and got ready. Catherine told me to take it easy, see how feel. I put the attire I had set up for yesterday. The red leggings and long tunic that my grandma fixed me. I did my hair lazily and put up just enough make up to look different.

My grandma asked me if I felt better and if I would go out. I told her yes. Did I honestly feel better? No, I had my doubts. The symptoms stayed I tried to ignore and deny them. I left and drove.

In the parking I waited behind just one car. He entered just moments after I stopped. Not much passed before another car left and I got his spot. I walked to the pedwest border. From the parking lot I headed to the old one and up the bridge, I crossed it to the other side, the ramp besides the river. On the way there, two or three people referred to me as miss.

There was no line. I got to the building without stopping, I decided to put the sentri away and cross normally. The patrol officer asked the usual questions and said nothing. I went to the plaza by myself, Catherine told me she would catch up with me later. I would be looking by myself first.

I got to Ross and felt the freshness of the wet spots in my back. The black sweat marks were like spots on a tiger skin. I had them on my chest and my stomach and different parts of my upper and lower back. I kept wiping sweat from my brow, cold water from a cold skin.

Was it the fever or the walk?

I looked around but did not what I was looking for. I went to the bathroom and met with Catherine later. I bought four dresses. Two long black ones, one for the graduation and another for the wedding. Catherine loved the last one. I looked pretty.

The other two are red. One for a night out and the other for the ceremony.

We came back.

Catherine met with Xennia. She knows about me. She had seen a picture of me in Facebook. It wasn't one I posted, it was the one Catherine published with me and Luis. "Is that Ivan? Who is that kid, I know him, but why does it appear another name?"

I do look different, I look fine, happier.

Her sister has a girlfriend, too.

I knew them, met them when I was just a child. When would I imagine that little girl would be a lesbian, or that I would be a girl and a lesbian.

Aren't we supposed to be abnormal?

### 2016-08-31

A year ago the talk about her parents wedding started. I remember it well, being in the car when she told me the date. "Next year by September. I'm planning on inviting everybody, you know?" The thought crossed both of our minds. Lots of time until that date, who knows what could happen. By then it wasn't the gang's graduation yet, I knew I'd be wearing a tux to that, that's why the doubt of my attendance was another theme of conversation. Maybe by march both of out parents would know, maybe I wouldn't need to be wearing a suit and tie to that. "Who knows, maybe by that time everybody knows about me, maybe I'd be already changing and I'd attend as me, can you imagine it?"

A year passed and with it, lots of the things that we thought would changed. Both graduations passed. The first one of our friends was the painful night I started on antidepressants and they were not enough to take the pain of pretending. I left by the middle of the party. We both told our moms. We both wanted to tell more people and looked for ways to find the courage. I made the appointment to the endocrinologist and our graduation came up. I wore a suit again, but this time was by my choosing. I dealt with it fine. It was the last time I'd be wearing one of those things. Did I know it then? I started hormones. I started changing, I told the rest of my family and the world. Catherine told her father. Tomorrow will be a third graduation, our first as graduates. My first return to the school with a dress. I have the dress ready for the party, the first one where I'll attend in a gown. I have the dress ready for the wedding. We are invited, she did invite all of our friends. Her family will be there, mine will be there... I'll be there.

This morning I was finally recovered. The only ill feeling I woke with was a pulsing headache as I stood on my feet. My grandma had fried potatoes and left some in a plate for me, she put apart some chorizo if I wanted to mix them up. I fried two eggs and ate it as breakfast. It was just a little more than an hour before noon. I was exhausted. I finished eating and took the pills. I've lost count of the days I've been on them. I turned at the mirror and stop looking for differences. I see my face in the reflection and don't have to worry about my hair or the hairs of my chin or the masculine attributes that I want to disappear.

I start to feel the calm I read so much about. I can rest now. I have the sandals and the dress. Aidee set the appointment to the make up and hair. Everything is done. I thought about showing my grandma and mother the pictures of me wearing the dress for the wedding. They will see me this weekend as I get ready to the grad.

Tomorrow I'll see jhonny, I might see gabriela and victor. I might see other people visiting them. Maybe Garab, Theresa? Maybe Ivan or Felix. Am I nervous? Am I nervous about seeing a teacher? Some know about me, what about the rest? Would I say hi?

I am sweating, is this heat or nervousness?

I'll wear one of the new dresses tomorrow. The clothes are all set and ready. Before picking Catherine up I'll take my grandma to buy more shakiras and pearls for her to finish the ankle bracelet for Catherine's mom. Time is passing. The wedding is just a couples away. My next endocrinologist and lab appointment will be after the publishing of the convocation for the master studies. Lots of masters and doctors I've seen this last years. They were students like me. I'm successful, I am capable. I should get it. I remembered most of the things we reviewed in the course.

Even if I don't get in, I'll look for another program in the capital. I can't stay here... No

I must not think about failing, I haven't even tried. I should get prepared. I should study.

I sent the text message to my aunt about the name of the puppy. I don't know if she received it or not. I hope she did. I hope she keeps it and we can pick it up. I hope the little dog can get to know me and I will be able to care for her.

