# 2017 — 24 years old

## June, 2017

### 2017-06-15

It's been months since the last time I wrote in here. I stopped altogether when I continued forgetting about coming back here to type and record. How much has it been? I was already in Mexico city. Right now I am sitting in the black chair that my father bought for me in one of my birthdays. It's a month and a half before the start of the new semester, the new stage of my life.

Today I was supposed to get up in the morning to see the live webcast of the informative session to the grad school accepted students.

Did the last time I wrote in here was before my first return to hometown? I have both my birth certificate and official id. In one of the reunions with the psych team of work, an acquaintance of Ruby asked me what was my next step of transition. "What is next for you?"

It wasn't until then that I realized I'm finished with my transition. I could go to some more sessions of laser so that I don't have to worry about the hairs on my chin, or wait until the second year of HRT is over and the changes are all set. But this is it. I am done.

Is this just something that I got an urge to pick back up or is deep down the intention to actually keep with it.

What was it that brought me to this?

I am typing these words on the external keyboard connected to the laptop. I bought a different one after letting mine to Miguel. It's a mechanical keyboard with the clanky keys that made that sound that I used to hear in the television programs of when I was a child. They keys are all blank. There is no use anymore to lower my glance.

Is this it? Do I want to have something to write so I can use the keyboard?

No.

This morning after returning to sleep after there was no webcast, I dreamed with both Anna and Melisa. We were in a different town, being hosted by some aunt from my father's side of the family. It's been weird in my last dreams. I don't notice my gender. I don't really know what I was when I wake up. In this last one I know I was myself because I remember a feeling of not being able to carry all my stuff. I had a backpack with me and my purse and a phone and some other stuff.

The night before I had a dream with my ex. I didn't mention it to Catherine. It's moments like these that made me think I don't really have anyone besides her. I do, but, it's not the same.

It was a sure thing that Catherine would come with me to the city. We were even looking for rooms to share or a flat. Then her doubts came back. Now it's a limbo. I am both hopeful and grieving. I both miss her and resent her.

A couple of dates ago we kissed and I could feel the passion and emotion behind her lips. It was as if my movements controlled her inner feelings. I felt a master of her desire. And just then at the moment of that realization I stopped. How could she be kissing me when in a couple of days we will part ways and stay separated because of her choice?

Now I know for sure that the father of my ex knows about me.

I was outside the woman's bathroom in the faculty watching the purse and bags of Paola when I saw the Dr Gonzales walking down the stairs. Who saw whom first? One smiled and the other waved. He approached me with a confession that he did not recognize me. He asked how I've been doing. By then I already knew that I got accepted to the master in neurobiology.

I purposefully told him to give my regards to her family. Weeks later I saw him again in the conference of the research I participated with in COLEF.

In the dream I had with her daughter, I was friends with her. Again the same idea of knowing that after nothing we had come back to peace. I knew it was a dream. I knew it was not real. I had all the intention of using every minute of it. It's not the first. Am I worried that it won't be the last?

Today I got into my mother's bedroom and saw her ipad on her bed. I grabbed it and opened it. I logged into her facebook and saw the ex's profile. I looked through her last updates and pictures. What she has been up to. She can know about me seeing my mother's posts. Does she?

I finished and had this weird melancholy accompanying me for the rest of the day. She seems happy with her partner. For an instant I thought about writing how I am happy for her, but I decided against it. Is not that I don't feel it, but, why should it care?

I long for a friendship that may have never really been. I saw my reflection in the mirror after logging out.

In less than I week I'l be leaving this town for good. Wednesday. Wednesday I'll leave for the rest of the year.

Am I scared? I am numb.

Exhausted.

### 2017-06-16

Sometime happened today that I never would had imagined.

I had the alarm clock but postponed it several times due to tiredness. Catherine would come pick me up around 2 in the afternoon. It was half an hour before noon. The shorts and underwear were all set up in my desk just for taking them and carrying with me to the bathroom.

Yesterday the plan was set. Catherine would come pick us up with her dog and we'd buy something on the way to the beach. Maybe a pizza and a six-pack of beer. The fantasy and memory of me running through the sand with Nymeria was something that would never fail to draw a smile on my face.

This would be an inexpensive date before tomorrow's night out. The night was postponed since the week before that I was hit by a stomach flu and nausea. I went upstairs and brushed my teeth. There was nothing weird. I sat on the toilet and noticed a small brown dot in the bottoms of my underpants. I was disgusted so I took them off and put them away. I ran the water. The droplets took their time to get hot.

I would wear short shorts today so I shaved my legs just after putting on shampoo. I shaved my pits and chest. I put on conditioner. It was around then that I felt nauseous. Would the symptoms come again? I remember that other time when I had to grab the upper part of the glass door. I was light headed but didn't realize it. Then, in a flash I remember being on the floor and the metalic taste of blood inside my mouth. I passed my finger through my lips and checked the color of it coming out. Because of the mist from the cold water I didn't realized that my vision was blurred.

I shut the water and stood there for a moment. I stepped out and everything was whiten out. Like a blank cloth that covered my view. Million things ran through my head. Could it be an aneurysm? Maybe an ischemic infart or a tumor. The vision came back and the reflection in the mirror was clear.

One of my front teeth and a lateral one were chipped and broken. Then reality hit me. I passed out. I fainted in the shower. I could had died. There was some kind of irritation when I thought it was just the nausea that I would have to cancel our plans again.

I stepped down with still my pajamas and my hair al wet. I didn't even shave. Catherine had send me some messages asking if I was still asleep. I called her but she turned the call off. Maybe she thought it was a mistake. I tried again.

I was crying and my voice shaken with fear. I told her what had happened and that I was scared. Was I alone? Miguel was in his room when I got in the shower. I remember that. I didn't want to say anything. What could he do anyway?

I called my mom with the same fear in my voice and asked her what to do. She told me that there was the option of making an appointment with the dentist. She could pick me up as soon as possible. She took the care to inform my dad.

I was misgendered twice today. First it was him when we were waiting in the dentist office. The other one was the dentist when he finished the work and told his assistant to pass the mirror to me so I could see myself. He asked me what was my name mid session. Maybe it had to do with that as well. He apologized, though.

I asked my mom to bring me back home to shave before going to the doctor. There was a lot of traffic so it was impossible. I ended up buying two packs of jello, a small bottle of water, a sports drink and a two razor pack and did the job on the way.

I didn't want to have to deal with awkward questions.

He checked me. He was really nice. I still don't know if he realized I am trans. I didn't hide it but I didn't tell either. I asked about my medication without saying what they were for. He's a doctor, though. It might have been obvious. He gave me an order for studies and we will go tomorrow morning. He marked Female sex and order for the female one.

Should I had corrected him? Will it cause any problem tomorrow?
