# 2018 — 25 years old

## December, 2018

### 2018-12-01

Even after a complete day, there is still this aura of anxiety surrounding me. I don't think I completely get what it is about.

Today and yesterday were whole days of completely doing nothing and yet thinking -and worrying- about everything. For this story I would need to go three days before, to Thursday. It was like any other day in the office. Nothing really happened and not much work was done. And yet we were all tired. I was irritated by the message I received from my flatmate. Some woman would come to clean. It would be 250 pesos. She was going to clean the living room and dinning set. She was also going to ask her to do a pass on the kitchen, see, there were some pieces of food both on the counter and the stoves.

I read the message and felt both angry and ashamed. In the morning, when I exited the bathroom, I said hello to whom I thought was Maleny. I wasn't wearing glasses but it didn't took much time before I realized it was a stranger. Some friend of hers preparing breakfast. She answered back and I went into my room.

Maybe the uncleanliness doesn't come from me. But maybe it does and I should feel ashamed.

Everyone mentioned how I seemed uneasy. Stressed, maybe?

By then I didn't know yet if I would do the final exam. Not all of the professors had given their grades. There was a short list of people who got below 8 as their final grade and would need to completely redo their exams in one big long "fuck you" test comprising the whole 20-something modules of the semester.

I could be, for the first time in the master be one of those poor fucks.

I've always been good with both tests and grades. But this isn't high school anymore. I've gotten 0's. Just this semester there were three or four modules I failed.

Anyway. I asked them to go eat. It's the time we go out, relax, chat and drink. It's the time when we mostly drink.

"So, do we take our things with us?", asked Said.

"Aren't we going to return? Because if we won't, I don't think I'll be going", answered back Diego with another question. He is studying to get into the master that I myself am finishing. Both he and Vivi both are trying to get into. The studying guide for the entrance exam was in his laptop. The same laptop that he no longer has with him. That could had been my laptop as wellâ€¦

I was the one who told him we would return. We could leave our things behind. And that was how everything began.

We went to the pizzas and order a bucket of beers to accompany them. That first became a second, then a third... fourth. After the karaoke, and as the hours passed by, both the night and the check came back. It was 1800 pesos in mostly beer. Said paid it when I went outside with Viviana. It was almost 11 when we return to the lab. It wouldn't had been the first time that we returned drunk in the middle of the night for our things. But this time it was different. They didn't opened the main door for us. Then they didn't open the parking lot entrance. Diego and I went to the third and then we were denied.

"Everything is closed. I won't let you in with alcoholic breath".
"...We don't have alcoholic breath" I answered stupidly as if it would had made a difference.

We return defeated. My keys to my apartment were in my backpack. I had no way of getting in. My shitty phone's battery was dead, so even if Maleny weren't fast asleep, I couldn't get a hold of her.

We met Said and he told us Viviana was inside. She went in through the gates. The next day after I woke in Diego's bed with the same clothes I had, I regretted why Said didn't stop her. Nothing was better because of her breaking in; all was worse.

She returned and said she didn't had any keys. I gave her mine. I didn't stop her either.

And so everything went from bad to shittiest.

The guards armed with flashlights corralled her outside the building and escorted her with her arms full of our stuff. She got her bag and their coats. Gave me my laptop with the drive and Diegos' charger. Then handed their bags to them. It was all she found. My keys weren't there. They grabbed both Diego's computer and Viviana's credential. We exchanged angry words, useless requests and finally left. Diego let me stay at his house. He lend me his bed. None of us rested that night.

The next morning our stupid shit turned into real problems. Viviana is banned from the lab until everything clears. The laptop is confiscated until the "investigation" is over. Eduardo talked with her and made no mention of the incident to any of the rest of us. Or at least to my knowledge.

I came back home yesterday and slept most of the afternoon. Diego called me in the afternoon but I ignored his call. Maybe it was something about that. Who knows...

And here I am. Still anxious, still not working.

### 2018-12-04

The first day of the month, I rediscovered this site from a fleeting memory. I recalled those old days when I had this inner will to form habits. Where I actually had them. The responsibility and weight upon me to do things.

I used to try to exercise. I completed almost 200 days of daily writing and entry on this digital journal.

After just one night, I'd forgotten about my starting and then just ignored the urge to continue.

I don't really understand what brought me back tonight. It's almost the end of the year. The conflict that I narrated the last entry hasn't ended. Just yesterday, when I was working in the lab, three or four times I was bathed in the cold feeling of a burst of anxiety.

I exited the office walking towards the bathroom, when Eduardo came out of Jorge's office and asked me if Diego and Said were still in the lab. We had just came back from Le petite cafe. It was Monday, so the menu was vegetarian. I have no problem with no eating meat. But vegetarian usually means an excessive use of cheese or cream. Which was the case in both options, hojaldre with rajas y crema or spinach lasagna. I ended up ordering flautas. None of us asked for beer with our meals. Even after a whole weekend, we're all filled with anguish and guilt. With the uncertainty of what will happen.

I returned from the restroom and the office was empty. I saw the shadow of Diego's back through the glass wall.

When they returned they whispered we were fucked. Just earlier that same day, Diego whispered in the same way that they were going to kick us out.

Eduardo was angry. He asked about me, where I were. They omitted the detail that the situation had already been resolved. There was some sort of confusion. Even yesterday Diego hadn't gotten back his computer. He went to retrieve it with a piece of paper that confirmed that it was his. The only detail that above his name was Jorge's, as he's our superior, and responsible of us.

They told him they would give it to the head of the department. Some woman charged with the clinical divison of the hospital. He would have to wait until the report were sent. Even then, just in the morning, before nothing was officially reported, everyone knew the basics of what happened. All of the guards see us, knowing, whispering.

"The gossip of the girl who broke in" someone said when he entered the government building.

In all this disastrous confusion, be it malignant or unintentional, the message came to both Jorge and Eduardo that the laptop that they, we, tried to retrieved and the guards ended up keeping wasn't Diego's but Jorge's.

That would complicate infinitely the situation. Now it could really be a legal conflict, something that could warrant the kicking of the four of us. Or even more serious. They tried to explain what really happened and, as they later would tell me, finally went to the office to just see that Jorge's computer was sitting just there in the cabinet.

Apparently after that was cleared, Eduardo's mood cleared as well. He mentioned nothing of that to me. He hasn't said anything about the situation to me. Not a word.

I don't know if that makes it better or worse.

Today was a supposedly relaxation day. One of those were nothing really happens nor is done. I have clear set up goals and things that I need to do. That's how I like to work. Even this tasks are things that I enjoy doing. And yet I haven't, and probably won't, started.

My nipple is hurting, almost all of my right breast. There was some yellowish discharge in the inside cup of my sport bra. The pain come and goes. I firstly attributed it to the overdose of hormones caused by the change in my prescription. But I'm not so sure anymore.

I won't do anything, I won't look up the endocrinologist nor make up an appointment with one of those free clinics. The situation just lined up in the worst possible way. He scheduled the yearly check-up of my blood levels after changing my year and a half medications and dosage. Not just that, but I'll leave the country a couple of days after my appointment with him.

I just hope that everything clears up by then, both my health and the situation with the Institute.

### 2018-12-05

"I've returned to the Institute in the same conditions"

Those were the words Jorge confided to Said before Viviana and I returned from eating. I guess everything is OK now. I had the idea that yesterday was when it was going to be the "trial" of Vivi. Diego was supposed to go and give his account of the events. Jorge told him to wait until then to pick up his laptop from Lourdes, the woman who insisted on making it a big issue, bigger than it should had been, as the Dr in charge of the Teaching department told Viviana in her supposedly judgement.

"He defended me more than myself", were her words after returning with a huge grin on her face.

All is set, all is over.

Not just that, when she went into Jorge's office to apologize after Said came out, he told her that there was nothing to apologize for. It was just an incident. He understood. She mentioned something about looking for a job, and he told her that actually there were two openings for positions there in the hospital. She should ask Erik for the information about some justification letter. He was thinking of proposing both her and Alejandra for them. Both are trying to get into the Master I'm finishing.

Was I jealous? It's a common theme of Said and I that we would hate working in the Institute. But then again, I've never in my life have had a job.

The secretary or coordinator or whatever position has the woman who replaced Leonor answered back my e-mail of the letters for my research visit to the NIAAA, stating that there were some errors in the schedule. The objectives and expected results were missing. And also it had to be signed by Eduardo.

What in the hell could I put as expected results? What am I expecting to get from there? It's a sure thing a job won't be. "A better future", answered Said back to me.

There are lots of plans, really achievable plans in my near future. I just rejected a presentation of my project in Vancouver. Eduardo wants me to publish my thesis project in JAMA Psychiatry a 14, something Impact Factor journal. Not only would my first published scientific article would be one where I am first author, but it'd be in a high impact journal. In a couple of weeks I'll submit an abstract for a conference in Rome. There is another paper in the way, with the same potential of being in an important journal and which Said already said that I would, again, be first author.

There is a lot of potential in my future. Most people seem to notice.

Why can't I get a job, then?

Even thinking about a doctorate. Israel told me that it would be reasonable to expect an offer of doing it there in Maryland with Tomasi. With that paper published, is not that far-fetched to think I could get accepted in the program of Bloomington that interests me.

But I can't apply for this year. I'm trapped again in the process of papers and rectifications. I'm not able to graduate until my university certificate returns corrected. Which God knows when that could be.

So, there it is. I'm fucked again by circumstance.

I corrected the schedule and sent it to Eduardo to look over it. He told me to correct the English, there were some mistakes. Which was weird because I actually asked Viviana to proof-read it. He proposed sending it to Sarael and Barrios, as they have more experience in these kind of procedures than him.

Minutes after receiving the e-mail from Nuri, Leonor's replacement, there came another e-mail stating that the next academic committee meeting would take place in the 8th of January. So, any cases had to be turned before the 11th of this year.

So, again, fucked by circumstance.

Tomorrow I'll send the schedule to Dardo whether I hear from Sarael or not. I have that day and the next to receive his answer; Monday for Eduardo to sign it and I can send it then just in time.

Monday is the Datablitz. That lame event -the last lame event- for the Scientific communications class. After finishing with presenting my research in 5 minutes or less, I'm done with this semester and all the classes of the Master.

After next week, I'll be almost done.

And then I will be going to Tijuana. Again.

I hope this time is less catastrophic than the summer.

### 2018-12-06

Another day, almost another week. It's been like a month, maybe just a little less, that I keep counting and thinking about the days left before I can return to my parent's house, my hometown, for the holidays. Now it's less than two weeks. But I've stopped counting.

We were walking, exiting the institute with our stuff and keys. We can be a group of drunk idiots, but we learn from our mistakes. It's just one week after that incident, but as I wrote yesternight, everything seems to have turned out OK. We can laugh now.

We just went to eat wings and then for another couple of drinks in the Salamandra cafe. I'm a little drunk, though I didn't drink as much as last time.

Anyway, Vivi cancelled her appointment with her analyst so she could stay all the afternoon with us. Obviously she didn't state the reason why in her text message. Both Said and I commented that when we were in analysis, we told our therapists everything. They knew everything about us.

Again, topics of conversations surge spontaneously that I think about an anecdote or this piece of information, but a part of me, like a little alarm, makes me be alert of what I could say and how much information I could splurge from my past.

Kill, Marry, Fuck...

When did I learn about that game? It was in college, I think. Paola A introduced it to us and we played. Then, most of the girls married me from all of the classroom. Now it was the other way around. Although it was just the four us, the guys killed each other, said they would fuck me and marry Viviana.

Now that I write it, the logic seems all wrong. The logic I use to feel insecure, I mean.

Then I remember thinking, as a supposedly man, how girls didn't want to fuck, but marry me. I guess it might seem that I was intelligent, nice, or with a potential good future. But I didn't feel attractive...

Now that it's the other way around and I am the women being judged and objectivized by men, saying they would fuck me and marry Viviana, I felt disposable. The least of two evils. Something to be used and thrown. I don't even fancy the idea of being with men. It's just a rationalization, an excuse to validate the idea that I am shit and unattractive and damaged goods.

With the talk of analysis and all of that I remember the times with RenÃ©. I did use to tell him everything. Well, not really. He wasn't the first to know me, the real me. It's weird the sensation, the memory of having the confidence of talking about [almost] any thing, be it a dream or a shameful thought, and compare it with this, each day more common, feeling of hiding my past. This huge part of my identity. Maybe not who I am, but who everyone thought I was...

Dardo sent me back the schedule with his signature. I sent the e-mail in the morning, around 7 am just after waking up, without waiting for Sarael's comments on the document. When I got to the laboratory I forged his signature on the updated one. I mean, he might just delay a little before signing it anyway... It wasn't even half a day and already I assumed the worst.

Now I just will wait until tomorrow for Eduardo to sign it, scan it and send it again.

One week and a half...

With all this talk of analysis, free association and resistance...

Eduardo sent a message a couple of minutes ago, asking if we were going to do a Christmas party "at least have some tamales". Do I even have the time? Most of my next days are filled with stuff to do.

I haven't finished the analysis on the data that I've already analyzed countless times. A month, maybe two ago, I started redacting what would be my first scientific paper. "I want to submit it before December, so they can review it before the holidays" was what Garza said... It's like instead of advancing I'm going backwards.

And just like going backwards, am I avoiding the subject?

It's not like the times before that I had a reason to be excited about going home. I mean, sure, for the last month I've been using this piece-of-shit phone and the replacement is waiting for me there.

But, after all those months of not writing here, those empty boxes filled with stuff that has happened and changed. I haven't mentioned those big changes.

Sure, the master is almost done. I've changed apartments twice already. I have these huge goals and potential successes in my near future. But the people around me is not the same. My therapist, even the fact that I have one, is not the same.

I am not lonely, but sure as shit I do feel like I were...

### 2018-12-07

Eli, the MRI technician asked both Vivi and me if we were going to go out this holidays. I answered back affirmatively, saying that I'd be going back home to Tijuana. We chatted a little about all sorts of things. He asked me if we were going to see each other before our respective holidays. "If not, come look me up to say good bye".

He's a really nice guy, and someone who knows his stuff. Later in the afternoon, in Le petite cafe, we mentioned how he was the complete opposite of Raul, the medical physicist who replaced Edgar. In the time I've been working with the MRI machine, I've lost count of how many physicists have come and gone. Edgar was a bit of an asshole sometimes, but this idiot is a total cunt.

The whole day, from start to finish was a series of really unpleasant events or turnouts.

It started really early, even more than the usual weekdays when I went to class. Even next Monday that I have to get up early, it will be later than the time the alarm clock had to sound in the morning.

I don't remember what I dreamed. Some night this week I had a sexual dream. In my life I haven't had many of those. I don't think I can recall even one who could fulfill the definition of 'wet dream'. There was once, when I was around 5 or 6. Or was it 9 or 10? I was still a kid, and used to have this kind of weird dreams that gave me strange sensations. From this one I woke up with pajamas wet, but the bed was all dry. It wasn't urine. It was something else. But I was way too young to be having wet dreams. I don't know what was it.

Since the hormones, maybe a couple of years before, I feel this weird sensation in my body when I get turned on. It's not just being horny. At first I confused it with being hungry or really really thirsty. Like this urge for... 'something'. I can't really put my finger on what. Or what do I want to do with that thing that my body wants.

In the calendar my next estrogen shot is supposed to be tomorrow. The last one I had it a day late. Tomorrow is Saturday and I really don't want to shower, change and walk like a kilometer for it. I could look up a place Sunday after therapy, but I don't feel like that either.

Have I written about my suspicious of being on an overdosing prescription? The itchiness, soreness and pain on my nipple has subsided. If after my next shot it comes back, I think I might suspend the shot for these months.

But I was talking about all that happened. I got half an hour before eight to the laboratory. The patients were scheduled both at 8pm. An hour passed and neither had arrived. I was downstairs in the hall next to the MRI, when Alan came down to tell Raul that one of the subs got confused and thought that he was scheduled for 9. The other one was stuck in traffic, there was a manifestation nearby.

A couple of minutes later, one of them finally arrived but had non-zero alcoholic levels. They send him back to have some breakfast and return later. Around 10, Thania had her patient, so we would wait until after her to scan ours.

I was just showing Viviana how strict is the journal where Eduardo wants us to publish our results when I remembered the things I read yesterday about how they discourage the publication of the manuscript on preprint servers, that all of the authors have to fill a form stating clearly their contributions to the study, and that one or two named authors had to state that they would take responsibility for the validity of the data and the precision of the analysis.

There was something in that request that made me nervous. What if there was something wrong with my data? What if my whole career came stumbling down for some stupid bug in my code?

Just then I noticed how the levels were different for the same subject in the three analysis I ran, when there were supposed to be no variation. The matrices were read wrong. So all the data was wrong. It wasn't just the TMS project but the metrics I lent to Said to do the Machine learning analysis.

All the work of this past week has been for naught. I have to do it all over again.

It was the afternoon and we were just scanning the subjects scheduled for 8 in the morning. The cherry on the top was how Raul, again, kept treating me as an idiot. Both Viviana and I have prepared patients alone for the running of the sequences. We've been doing this for more than a year. This fucking moron probably hadn't seen a MRI machine before coming here and he has the nerve to treat me as an imbecile.

Even Viviana noticed it.

Monica sent me a message last night after I told her I would go to sleep. She said how she wants for me to have my phone back. There are lots of things she wanted to tell me. Could she sent me a bunch of messages? "I love you", she finished, before telling me to "hold on". I didn't really got that last part.

Around noon, she sent me like 10 screen-captures of her phone with the conversation on whatsapp that she had with Luis, her ex-boyfriend.

I even felt bad for the guy. She put him in his place. Why did he keep sending her memes or starting conversations like nothing had happened after the drama he made asking her to not contact him? What did he expect from her? She was sick of it. She didn't want any of it.

It made me remember October, September, and those messages that seemed to come out of nowhere.

### 2018-12-08

Like all those nights when, after a long week of not having enough sleep, I sleep for more than 10 hours, I had a series of long and weird dreams. By now I think I have forgotten most of them. Is there a point in remembering them?

Again, like all the weekends, I found it hard to get out of bed and start to do the lots of things I had to do.
Most of the afternoon I spent fixing the stupid mistake I discovered yesterday. Tomorrow I have to get up in the actual morning and go to therapy. This will be my last session of the year. Maybe after returning from home, Fausto will tell me to see each other once a month, entering a new stage of maintenance.

Yesterday, in my words, I touched the subject of changes. Having transitioned, the changes in the pictures of my past have more meaning to me than to any other person.

After she showed me the screen-captures from her conversation with her ex, I let the conversation die. I was really tired. I had something for dinner and then went to sleep. This time were more than 14 hours of sleep. I woke up and grabbed the laptop to my bed. My phone is a shitty device for wasting time in Facebook or Twitter, or anywhere else for that matter. I saw I had messages from two conversations, the first one was one from my mother. It were some pictures of the wedding of Edgar and her, I guess, fiancee. The other one was Monica's. Of course reading the pseudo-apology and kind-of-begging of her ex, I couldn't help but remember that although I either look nor am nothing like I was four or whatever years ago, I still am her ex, too. Even though everything seems OK now, the things didn't end too well, either with us. It was years before we even got to talk again. Should I be careful?

"Hello! Gentle reminder that you're such a beautiful woman! Countdown wooo".

I felt a little calmer after reading that. She told me a little about her night before. Later in the morning she asked me if I know how to apply eyeshadow. I told her I did, but didn't felt really confident about it, and almost never used.

She told me to teach her.

Two years ago, maybe, I was in Aidee's room learning how to put on make-up. She asked me how were things with Monica, and if she had seen me as a woman. And here we were now, her asking for my help with those kind of things.

I looked up pictures with eye make up, just so she wouldn't get her expectations too high. I found one from February, when I was in Tijuana for Catherine's birthday. The clothes I wore were really casual, actually. Jeans and a t-shirt, but I did wore make-up. I took a self-picture with my phone in the car to show Catherine how I was dressed. I showed her that.

She really liked how I looked. I found other pictures from a month before, in Tijuana as well, again Catherine and I were sitting in a Brazilian restaurant for my birthday.

It's been almost a year, and I couldn't really tell if I look that different by now.

I am a little thinner, but other than that?

Monday is the last event I have to attend in the university. I have to present my project in 5 minutes, from the introduction to the conclusions, and after that I am free from all the classes and credits. I will send the schedule they rejected for Washington and the only thing left would be the abstract for OHBM and my article.

Edgar is married and has a son.

My uncle no longer lives in their usual home. Maybe a couple of months ago they finally bought a new house. When my mother showed me some pictures it looked in a really bad state. There were lots of things to do before I would consider living in there. Walls, the roof, painting...

A week and a couple of days and I'll leave this city. A month later and I will be leaving the country...

If everything turns out OK, that is. They have to approve my funds. I feel really uneasy writing, talking or even thinking about NIAAA, because of that. What if I end up not going? What if something, anything happens and it's ruined?

Monday morning I'll send that paper and hope that everything turns out fine.


### 2018-12-09

I haven't finished my presentation for tomorrow. I'm doing it, well, it is kind of done, I guess. I just need to enunciate the conclusions, modify the stats data and change fonts and colors. It's gonna be 5 minutes. And I have 15 slides. The rule of thumb in slide timing is to assume a minute for slide. I'll be fucked.

I'm tired, I am a little hungry but I need to finish this. My mates asked us to be there around 8, 8 and a half. I'd need to get up around the same time as Friday. Then again, it is going to be last event or to do in the semester. Maybe in the whole master.

I'll do fine.

I have been working most of the afternoon. I got up around 9 to get ready for my therapy session. A part of me didn't want to go. I didn't really know what to say. I mean, there are things. Yesterday Monica said some nice things and we made some plans. This last two weeks have been really stressing, taking into account my not-yet-done paper and the situation with yardis' pizzas and the guards of the institute at midnight. Catherine's grandma died and I said nothing. Well, I told her nothing. I sent a message to her mother, giving her my condolences. Monica, when I told her, said that was the worst idea.

In this week that I've been coming back to writing my words, I haven't mentioned Catherine once.
Just now, the second time I typed her name, felt a weird, uncomfortable tingling in my back. My fingers clenched and I can't wait to change the subject.

Today was the party of Sofia, the Sofia that went to study a master in Lyon, not the other Sofia that asked me to help her with her class assignment of a research project in which she wanted to study the stories of transgender people.

Of course I didn't go and of course I haven't done what she asked me to. I guess this weekend will be two weeks since she finally sent me the questions after I not-that-kindly blew her off and then accepted out of pity.

One of the homeworks, maybe the last one, that Fausto assigned me was to make a book of stories with the lives of important, be it famous or just important to me, transgender women. I mean, I have been kind of busy. But I guess I do have been putting it off. Why is it that relating to other trans women makes me this uncomfortable? Is it because of their passing compared to my own?

The last one I met, Vania, I didn't noticed at first. There was something in her mannerisms or posture that made me look to other signs, like her feet, hands or even the presence of a bulge in her pants. I hate doing those things, because I hate thinking people do them with me. Was I uncomfortable in the same way with her after she disclosed her history?

Do I feel this way around Paulina? She is the other way around, she is eons ahead of me. She has done, in her own words, all of the surgeries. She looks and acts the part. There are some hints in her comments and way of talking about the subjects of transitioning that remind me of the women I worked with when I was in the group of Ruby. Those women from a different generation, which feel proud in distinguishing themselves from the lesser trans. It's not explicitly, of course. But maybe it's more of my imagination.

I took out some money from the ATM to pay Fausto and then took a bus to his apartment. I got in and it wasn't until halfway that I noticed that it was the wrong one. The destination I take is Pino Suarez, and I recognized TaxqueÃ±a, which is the first station of the subway, one before my drop-off.

I walked like a kilometer, maybe less, to Fausto's. I got 10 minutes late. I rang his electronic doorbell, but he didn's answer. I rang again, and nothing. I sent him a message in whatsapp, and a couple of minutes later I called him. Apologetically he asked me if he didn't cancel me on time. I said no.

We talked about seeing each other next week, but I think I will cancel him. I don't know. I lost almost three hours going there and coming back. And yet again, I think I will lose another one right now eating something for dinner and relaxing a bit.

### 2018-12-10

I was asleep. I was really, really asleep. Maybe even dreaming. From the start of today around 6 in the morning I knew today would not be a day when I would do much work. I would go to the university, give my presentation as a final project and event of the classes in the master and be done with this. Then my day would I end, I would be able to rest.

I finished the slides around one in the morning. Maybe 1:30. I brought them down to 15, and practiced the presentation lasting around 6 or 7 minutes. That was enough. I went to sleep my good-earned 4 hours.

The morning was cold and unforgiving. I shower fearing having another black-out again. It was one of the last entries, I guess. Before entering into the master I wrote how I fainted showering in Tijuana and was really scared about it. It has happened twice again since then. The second one was around September, or was it October? And the last one a couple of weeks ago. None of them made me really fell, but I did lose consciousness for a bit. Is that feeling close to how it feels to die?

Diana asked us to be in the university early, around 8pm to get things ready. That's almost an hour earlier than when we usually got there for classes. I underestimated my morning time and got there around 7:45. I bought a latte and waited for people to arrive. I was nervous. I don't know if it was because it would be a graded presentation or because it would be the last one marking an end of a period.

Everything went well. People showed up. The presentations were fine. I was up last and think I did a good job.

When everyone started leaving we talked about doing something. They said going to Xochimilco's trajineras. At first I took it as those empty plans that get build over thin air. But after a while it got serious. We ended setting for going to eat wings, like, was it last semester?

The agreed date was the one when Eduardo set the Christmas party for the laboratory. I haven't decided if I won't go to that. I guess I'd prefer going to the one with my classmates, but I'm not really sure.

A couple of days ago I sent Paola a message asking how she was. She didn't answer. Today Jessica sent me a message in Facebook asking me if she had already told me that I would be Rafa's secret santa. Surprised I asked her if wasn't I Jose's secret santa. I didn't tell her that I already asked for his present to be bought. Though it was the first thing she asked. "The thing is Jose is no longer going to the party".

Well, duh...

I thought it was weird that he'd go. Maybe the thing that happened wasn't so serious. Maybe he was closer to us in some way. Of course not. Not much later I fell asleep.

I went to the pharmacy after the presentations to get my hormones shot. It hurt again. I don't know if it's the medicine that make it sting or the way the dr applies them. I haven't felt any of those side effects of last time. Maybe in a couple of days.

When I woke up Paola sent a message in the group of the gang asking if someone wanted to see the grinch on Sunday. Catherine answered, asking for a time... "She was going to go to mass"

One week. One week and I will be home. Will I really rest? I have lots of things to do. The article has to continue.

Said sent a message to Telegram saying he ran the corrected data again that I sent to Telegram and, again, the prediction was perfect. Either there is something wrong with the data and the way I extracted t he graphs, or we are onto something big. They think is the latter, I wish for the former.

Alan send me the last database with the clinical data for all the patients until the 32. I can technically continue with all the analyses, but even though I slept most of the afternoon, I'm tired.

Tomorrow I won't go to the lab. I'll stay home and hopefully continue with the work. Wednesday I want to tell Garza I'll be going home. Thursday I have a meeting in Copred, Friday will be either the thing with the lab or with my classmates, Saturday is the Yaaj's Christmas party and Sunday a meeting there. I will cancel the appointment with Fausto. And finally Monday is the day were I clean my room and make my bags.

### 2018-12-11

Well, I guess I did plan it. Today would be one of those days. Did I say that I'd do nothing, or that Monday I'd do nothing and work all of the pending tasks today?

I did nothing more than eat and sleep. I woke up in the afternoon. The night before I did some reading on the statistics book. I read those chapters and learn about this robusts methods that could really work on my data and think about implementing them. I slept in the afternoon yesterday. After coming back from the university I lied down and got up in the early night.

Even though I got up around an hour or two after noon, I ate, watched some series on netflix and then went straight to bed again. I did start feeling a little stinging on my right nipple again, but I would not blame my lack of energy on my hormones issues. Maybe it's just that time of the year. Last year when did I went home? No, not by now. I go three weeks. It would be the same as this year.

Both Chevo and Jessica answered back my messages. Jessica finally sent me a screencap of what Rafa had asked for the secret santa thingie. She apologized and told me that didn't have her phone. Apparently the rice method did work for hers and it was fine now. Yesterday I tried turning on mine again but nothing happened. I don't know if taking it with me to Tijuana and disposing it there or just throw it right now on the trash.

I haven't finished the bottle of coffee liquor that I bought on my trip to Queretaro with Paola. It's maybe just a shot left.

Is the time before a trip when I start calculating how much food is left and how much more should I buy so it exactly finished by the time I leave. One week. 6 days and 7 nights. I laid out the plans for each day in yesterday's entry.

Last night when I was lying in bed I started to worry about the OHBM abstract. I have too much different results how the fuck will I be able to present them in a poster. Will I have them finished by next week? I should finish all of it by now.

Eduardo hasn't told me anything yet. He wanted us to send the paper by last week. I still have much left to do, to finish and to write.

And I've never felt more tired in my life than now.

At least school is over.

I mentioned to Monica how I was practically done with the master. She congratulated me and said it was a big deal and something to celebrate. I did have this feeling that this time that I went to Tijuana would be like the last one, time would pass and we would not see each other. But, there are certain things or comments, like that one about asking me to help her with the make up. Or some months ago how she would take me to this restaurant because of something and that time that said we had to go out dancing. I guess by then I didn't know yet she actually knows how to dance while I just make a fool out of myself.

She told me yesterday she was sick. She had to leave the office. The night before she had gone out dancing with her class friends and met with Ivan Rupit there. She uploaded some pictures to IG. She had mascara on in them. I mentioned how she was wearing it and looked fine. She answered me back today that I didn't know that she had to clean her face 10 times before it looked OK.

Don't all women do that?

Will I wear make up for one of the things in this week?

I guess the one that excites me more than anyone is the thing with my class mates. I would be really disappointed for it not to be actually done. I read about the christmas party at Eduardo's and now that they mentioned about doing this elephant gift exchange I feel more and more OK about not going.

It'd be nice hanging out with the time, but the people I actually care about from them I hang out with like at least once a week outside the lab.

I guess this week we won't do it.

I have a thing for every day of the week except the last one before the trip and tomorrow.

And yet again, I could not be more tired

### 2018-12-12

At least today I did wake up early, not around 6, but I was out of bed before 8:30. That might not sound like a lot, but compared to Tuesday that my day began around 2 hours in the afternoon, it is something.

I hesitated about buying something for breakfast and ended up getting a cup of cheap coffee and some pastries in the convenience store near the office. I thought around 10:30 would be a good time so the lab would be empty. I was way wrong. I got there and it was full. Diego and Said sharing his desk, Eduardo doing something in his, and some guy in the one with the available monitor. Was he using it? No, he was working on his laptop.

Just now, my laptop froze and, again, I feared that most of my work was done and erased with my shitty hard-drive.

Everything seems OK, but there is a weird red signal next to the names of the partitions. I just see that it says that the symbol means it's not OK to remove the drive. Some program might be using it.
Who knows. Getting home I will get my other drive and use it as some sort of back-up. I could buy one, but I don't have enough money.

I've been expending it carelessly. Most of my plans now I consider them thinking about how much money they will cost me. I went to the supermarket and bought exactly what I might need for this week. We went to Le petite to eat.

The lab was full and it was hot in there. Said and Diego were going out for a walk and I asked if I could join them. When we were going out, we saw Mercadillo. He made some small-talk with us before entering to see Eduardo. Said had asked Eduardo if he wanted something from the store and first he said no, but then, when the boys were outside, he stopped me and asked me for some Halls.

We returned and both of them were going out. Apparently they were going to the cafe. Maybe they would share a cup of coffee for their talk. We didn't do much in the lab before going out again.

When I first got there, Eduardo asked me how were things going.

Just yesterday I was really anxious and irritated. Mostly with the psychiatrists and residents that have shit for databases. There was a mistake in the sex of a subject. It wouldn't mean much, except for the fact I had just paired the subs with their respective healthy controls. And now that the number of sex was mismatch I had to fix that and run the comparisons of groups again.

I sent a message to the group of the Christmas party asking if they had already set an amount of money for the cooperation of the food. I already knew we haven't. But it was a starting point to say that I would not eat Lasagna with them but I could cooperate with the rest of the things. In my mind it was perfectly clear that whoever would buy the stuff, they would not just buy the main dish. There would also be sides, disposables, napkins and cups, maybe some chips.

The first one to answer was Catherine. She replied how They hadn't talked about money, and that we always take our own drinks. Maybe it was my own place of mind, but I read it as dismissing and unhelpful. Not much later Paola S replied too saying mostly the same thing but in a little different tone.

Later I would tell Chevo that, hadn't I calmed a little, I would had started arguing and making a whole scene.

The conversation kept going and everything flowed alright. Paola said something about the list of things to buy, and what side dishes they had talked about. Without thinking I sent a screen-capture of the conversation. There were the comments that Jessica, Christian and Catherine had made. Except that Christian and Catherine's names were grayed out next to their phone numbers, meaning I don't have them in my contact list.

Would she notice and/or care?

Would anyone? Would I, if the situation were the other way around?

Eduardo and Mercadillo ate with us. I ordered a beer with my food. Eduardo made some teasing comments about what happened some weeks ago.

He asked me if I were going to the dinner party in his house. I lied to him saying I had an event with COPRED.



### 2018-12-13

"It's perfect? No, then the data is wrong. The graphs are wrong. There was something you might have done were there was an error"

Diego told me yesterday how Said had said that he might not send anything to OHBM. He would not send the analysis with the data the way it is. The difference is too large. It "can't happen".

I still feel irritated how because of how the data are, that I should had done something wrong. Yesterday Eduardo bounce back some ideas. Diego had asked me if the function that creates the graphs needs to know the groups. I told them that I do input the group assignment but it's just an index. I'm tired of explaining the procedure trying to convince them that I did not make a mistake.

Maybe it was the thresholding, was Eduardo's last comment. The conclusion ended up being that I'd again create the graphs but using an array of thresholds. The huge gap in the variables were because of the enormous difference in the connectivity. The networks of the addicts were way more dense with a bigger number of connections. If they wanted the networks to be the same, an option was to use a proportional thresholding method, forcing the networks to be of the same density. There was a third method, so I proposed using that as well. I felt pressured to finish them so Said could analyze them. I wanted them to turn out fine. I wanted him to submit something. I want all of us to go.

There went most of my day. I finished the whole brain graph and sent it to him. Using all of the thresholds in the consensus method, the results were the same, a perfect classification.

Today he ran them again with the proportional methods. They were not perfect anymore. They were shit. Not much more better than chance. Well, at least the model is no longer perfect and Wrong.

What I was concerned about happened. It turns out the meeting with my classmates is cancelled. Or postponed or I don't know. It seems that what was agreed was that Jessica and Amabile would say what day they could go because they the christmas party of their lab. So, I have no plans for Friday. I cancelled the gathering at Eduardo's because of nothing. I mean, the idea of a gift exchange irritates me, so I guess I prefer having the afternoon for myself.

I do need to finish my own analysis so I can submit my abstract. Viviana told me how Erik, Ruth and Jorge are going to Vancouver for the conference.

I went to the brindis at Copred. It was, nothing special, I guess.

Tomorrow is the last day of the student of Garza here in the city. The guys asked me when was I leaving. They asked me if I was free Monday. We could do something, some kind of farewell gathering. Another opportunity for us to drink.

It felt warm. I haven't felt this appreciated since Tijuana, since before the master. "Ow, Shofs, what are we going to do without you when you leave us next semester?".

Going out from Copred, one of the assembly members that is finishing their period, the one who arrived late, after almost everyone had already left, offered me a ride in her taxi. I declined, saying the subway was really close. She insisted telling me she could get me closer, maybe to a subway station. I accepted.

We ended up in traffic for almost half an hour, maybe a little more. It would had been way faster for me to walk and just take the subway a couple more stations. She finally got me to Etiopia, the subway station close to Yaaj.

I waited another half an hour for the bus and, again, suffered because of the traffic. I wanted to just get home, watch a couple of minutes of a tv series and sleep. Eat something. I cooked the beans with chorizo that I was planning for this week. Half of my burritos are cold in the plate with my soup on the other side.

On the way here, Eduardo sent a message in Telegram, forwarding us what his colleagues in India said about our script. They got some flags and removing some arguments could move on. They asked if the script was new and if not, what were the versions of our OS and FSL. I remembered that I had to change somethings, but I was thinking of the other script, not this one. I'm still here, figuring out what happened. I ran a subject and an error that hadn't appeared, did. I told Eduardo it was because of the newest upgrade of FSL.

Trying to find the window for the chat I mistakenly closed an activity suspending the script and exclaimed in irritation.

Just 4 more days.

But then again, I only have 4 more days to sent the abstract I haven't even started to write.

### 2018-12-14

I might be really sick.

I woke up from the alarm that I postponed yesterday one more hour. I was extremely tired. I thought about postponing it another half-hour to get some little more sleep. I finally decided to just don't go to the lab. I would be getting late, the guys would not eat because of the meeting at Eduardo's that I would not go because I had prioritized the other gathering that got cancelled.

I just sent a message stating that I was feeling a little under the weather and I'd see them Monday.

Vivi told me to get better and to remember that Monday would be my farewell party. "We're going to drink", followed up Said.

I tried to fell asleep, but my right nipple was soaring in pain. Every moment in the bed made it worse. It's secreting something that irritates the skin around. Yesterday I found some little blood around the aureola. It is the overdose in estrogen. I guess I could suspend the pills after the injection, or the injection altogether.

I got a message from Maleny asking me to, please, throw the trash away.

I got upset and irritated. I asked her the time the truck came and she said they were always some people who pick it up around the street. I told her finally that today I had not gone to the office because I was sick, so I could walk a little looking for one. She said that in that I should not worry about it.

I went out anyway. I hate this feeling that I am a slob and a horrible person to share a flat with.

Luckily there was this guy just crossing the street. He got closer when he saw I was walking towards him with this gray big thrash bag. His face was weird. I mean, not his face, but his reaction to me. I am wearing black leggings and a couple of t-shirts under a house-hoodie. They are clearly pajamas. I had the hood on, with a pony tail coming out from the side of my head. Did I really look sick, maybe?

I coughed a lot coming back, and I can't take off this tiredness and exhaustion. Just thinking about the OHBM summary, even though is something really easy to do and a thing I have already done other times, makes me want to crawl to bed and wait for time to pass me by.

Yesterday Monica and I chatted a little. We got to the topic of her contraceptive pills. She asked me how long until her breasts would grew. I said that maybe a couple of months. And that got us talking about my transition and second puberty. How it was for me, emotionally, seeing the changes in both my body and life.

"Well, I'd tell you", she replied to something I said of how it was actually easier than I could imagine.

"Since we talk, I haven't seen you as anything but Sofia... I mean, it's weird because we get along great, amazing, but I don't feel as if I were seeing Ivan, it even gets a little familiar, in the sense that you are only Sofia to me ... And I like that, you got to be you."

"Yeah, you're just as cool and fun but I do see different people, even love differently. Even though there is history behind, I love you for being you, and not because of nostalgia of who you were"

I find it, even now, hard to describe how reading that, from her, made me feel.

It's weird, how things change.

I looked up Catherine's twitter. Sometimes I go there as if I could find something of huge meaning. I don't really know what I look for, or what do I expect. Several times I decide I won't do it anymore, there is nothing good that could ever come out of those visits, but time and time again I come back. Maybe a little bit of curiosity mixed with nostalgia and the urge to know about her.

In one of her replies it was a surprised emoji to this post of Anahi's: "I'm not one of those who throw around hints in social networks but I know you are. You are a bitch and not in the good way, k?"

Lots of people could be the recipient of that, and in all that huge number, I could be one of them.

I posted something in my own feed, some lyrics of Sabina that I've been having around my mind lately: "TenÃ­an razÃ³n, mis amantes con eso de que antes, el malo era yo". They were right, my lovers, in that, before, the bad girl was I.

Later, I confessed abut what happened in Paco's party last month when I felt this urge to kiss Pascal, his friend, while we were dancing and feeling each other up. I thought nobody would pay any attention to them, both the first one and the thread of my fluid sexuality. I was wrong.

In the morning I found several notifications, some likes and a retweet. Later in the afternoon, after getting up from bed around 5pm, I read the several replies to my story.

There was a reply from Anahi, but it wasn't about my story, but the thing about my exes.
She put this gif of Tom Hanks giving a thumbs up. Maybe I am the bitch she talked about. Maybe it's because of the screencap of Catherine not being in my contacts, as if it were intentional. Maybe it's because she truly is on her side. Maybe I do am a bitch...





### 2018-12-15

I'm really high right now.

It was Yaaj's Christmas party. After yesterday's day of unsuccessful rest and exhaustion, I didn't really feel like going to the party. Already two plans had been cancelled already and the day before was an awful day.

I don't even feel like typing. The words get tangled before coming out, and the sensations of my fingers touching and pressing the different keys in the computer is a distraction.

I woke up and kept coming back to sleep. I had calculated the time needed so I could get to the party just at the right time, not too early, but not too late either.

I got out of bed and considered eating something. Now that the day is closer, is when the food rations start failing. The pain on my nipple has lessened but it's still uncomfortable. Yesterday I actually felt worried about that. Maybe it is something serious.

I just got ready and put one the clothes I'd picked the night before. I started looking and choosing the clothes I would leave behind home. I need to get rid of things so the moving is easier. I packed the suitcase. Or, at least got the clothes I won't use anymore all set. Now it's just picking the clothes I will wear.

I chose the metrobus. The way is longer but it would be way cheaper. I saw the balance on my credit card. They did charge the interests now that I payed the total due a couple hours after midnight. I need to pay 3.5k by next year.

Everything went fine, I could sit and the bus wasn't that full, until I noticed that the route on the phone marked the final station a couple ones before the one that I knew was the crossing-over one.

I got off but saw no signs marking my destination, so I got on the next bus until the familiar one. I got off and walked to the on of the other line a couple of streets over. The lights were red and I crossed just as the green ones got on. There was a bus just exiting the station. I tried to pay, the machine beeped and I cross the bars to a full stop. I stumbled not knowing what had happened when I tried again. This time they let me through.

I saw the bus opening its doors, so I accelerated my pace. I got to a couple of women just standing outside the door with a confused look on their faces. When I finally passed them, the doors closed just ahead of me.

No big deal, I could take the next one. I am used to waiting for 5 to 10 minutes for a bus or subway wagon, but this time there were no buses announced on the screen to my destination. After 10 minutes, one came with a 15 next to its name. The appearance and disappearance of buses was both stressing and hopeful. I ended up waiting next to half an hour for the bus.

I realized that at the station that my phone had marked me, buses do go to my destination, in a crossing of lines in its own route.

I got almost an hour after the time marked in the invitation. Even then I got early. There were no food and no drinks yet. Most of them I knew, but still don't feel much relation with. Paty, the girl I thought liked me to realizing I was wrong and then liking her myself, was there. Sofia, the other girl, the one who just finished her master was there, too.

Is this kind of parties that made me realize I suck at people. I'm horrible trying to pick up girls. Even just getting to know them is very difficult to me. Sofia asked me about my twitter tale and I told her with a couple of people as audience.

I remember the first time I saw Paty. It was at a party like this one and noticed how she was a little uneasy about me. Her friend kept making her faces when I was around. I remember thinking that resembled the way things worked in jr high. I concluded it was just my imagination, but kept something inside like a seed of doubt.

This time they were flirting. I remember as well, after Aldo's party when I actually thought I liked her, that there was no point anything could come out of it. Why did I feel this kind of disappointment when I noticed?

I smoked some pot. It was some kind of vaper, so the first huff was miscalculated and I coughed for like 15 minutes. Just that one smoke and another short one, got me like this.



### 2018-12-16

I'm finally home. I took out the money for my last rent of this apartment and I carried it with me all day. It had me a little nervous, wallking alone at night from the metrobus station to my home. Everything went well.

It was the meeting for the planning of the events of next year in the association. I postponed the alarm, even though the fucker upstairs started practicing on their piano early in the morning. I dreamed something but even though I know it had my attention part of the morning, I can't recall what it was about.

I showered and picked the clothes for today. I kind of now already what I will wear tomorrow and the day of my flight. Now I only have to pack the suitcase with the clothes I might wear in Tijuana.

When I got out of the shower I read a message from my flatmate asking me how I was doing. She was referring about my sickness of Friday. I felt really nervous. What did she want? The obvious was of course to know when would I leave, both for Christmas and the room. But maybe it was about something else. Maybe she wanted me to do something about cleaning, or maybe to give her some money for toilet paper, or that the kitchen was dirty. I thought about a million things while I finished getting ready.

There was a message in the group of Yaaj that the meeting was postponed an hour. I had more time to myself.
I could have had some breakfast but I wasn't hungry. I knew we would eat at Ivan's from the leftovers of the party of the night before. Apparently I left really early. They carried it on until two in the morning. Of course the meeting was postponed.

I didn't receive no message from Fausto about therapy. Yesterday, Hans, I think is his name, asked me if I gave a class in the faculty. He had seen me there. I remember walking with Said the day of the conference of Franz de Val, and seeing him. Said mentioned how he looked like he admired me. It was really weird hearing that. Why would anyone admire me?

Anyway, on the way to buy beers, he told me how he had therapy the next morning. I remembered he was seeing Fausto, too. I mentioned it casually as if it was some bit of trivial knowledge instead of mentioning that I see him as well.

There were some messages about the Christmas party in Tijuana. Every day closer I feel more and more nervous. Yesterday in my pot trip I kept thinking about and remembering what happened with Catherine. Bits of conversations, the emotions I felt, the emotions I feel and what could happen.

She posted about the prices of the food in Costco. They were talking about buying two packs of lasagna, almost 6 kilos for like 9 people, that's a fucking lot of lasagna. I hesitated about saying anything because I won't even eat it, but at the same time, I won't even eat it.

Paola mentioned that she had some big news and said she would tell at the party or proposed seeing each other before that. It was actually Catherine the one who said going for coffee. I felt excluded thinking that I could not go, until the day was brought up and I remembered that in just two days I'll be in the city.

Wednesday. They all could go to Costco and see/buy the stuff and she could tell them everything. I mentioned that I would already be there by Wednesday. Paola said that we could look at the food together, maybe I could find my dinner. I said nothing about how that would be really uncomfortable and much worse in so many ways. I replied her not to worry about me, and that I already was working on some plans of going for dinner before the party. I thought about inviting Monica, but who am I kidding. I will end up eating alone in my house before leaving.

Jessica would get out of work around 7. The plan was to shop around until then. Chevo later said how he had therapy until 9. I told him I would wait for him. In another conversation I asked him to go to Argana. Like Paola, he hadn't answered back. So, at Costco there would be only four of us, both of Paolas, Catherine and me. What the fuck was I thinking? I thought about asking Paola to do something before, maybe a cup of coffee or going out for a bite. But maybe she will ignore my message, too.

I don't know, at least I could ask her to go to Costco together, but, even though she would completely understand, I don't want to give her the reason of my uneasiness with ending up alone with Catherine before anyone else shows up.

### 2018-12-17

Days kept running out until tonight. Now just one more night of sleep and I can rest in Tijuana for the rest of the year. This year has been the most excruciating experience of my life. Tons and tons of obstacles and difficult events and yet here I am, kind-of-complete and sane.

Today I woke up before the alarm, the familiar sounds of children and a female voice in a microphone screaming orders woke me up. Monday, of course, it was maybe 8 in the morning. I had still half and hour of sleep. I had gone to bed after midnight, a couple of hours after it, in fact, finishing the summary of the results so it would be easier to write the abstract for OHBM. It wasn't.

Even though I slept maybe 5 hours at the most, I wasn't that tired. I could got out of bed before the sound of the alarm. I decided against wearing the clothes I had picked up and instead grabbed this red hoodie that I used to love. I wore the pair of jeans Catherine gave me two years ago. They didn't fit at first. These and the other pair I still have were, maybe, the first pair of women's pants I wore. These started to close and look decent this summer, a couple of weeks before the last time I went to Tijuana. I lost a ton of weight in a similar way that I did years before in high school. I was depressed as shit. I stopped eating intentionally. I like the feeling of famine that came up after a whole day of not eating anything. It was a familiar pain distinct of the emotional one that I was not yet accustomed to.

I looked great, though. People noticed how I lost weight and complimented me left and right. I even received messages from people in Tijuana, like Jessica M. who noticed how I looked amazing. It's funny how sickness and misery look good for some people.

Since then I have stopped wearing lots of clothes. I almost changed my wardrobe completely that summer I was there. Ironically the garment that fitted the best was the one of the oldest ones I had.

Plans keep lining up after my arrival tomorrow's afternoon. I have the party this Saturday's night, then yesterday or the day before, came up the Wednesday's meeting at Costco that I stupidly offered myself to. Chevo answered back my message inviting him to Argana's cafe. He asked me when I arrive and suggested Thursday. So I have only Friday left empty. I need to go to the United States. I could ask my mom to accompany me, but I might as well just go by myself.

It might be nice exploring San Diego on my own. I have almost two years living in this huge city of my own, and yet just thinking of crossing the border and wandering around downtown makes me nervous. I've grown so accustomed to do that with certain company that just thinking of doing it without feels foreign.

Most of the day at the lab I spent working on the abstract. I haven't finished. I might not finish it tonight, although I ought to.

I need Eduardo to review it and correct it before I can send it. And even after that I have to share it with Said so he can take the information he needs for his own. We can still do it, but now it does look like a stretch.

Eduardo told me to apply for the symposium. He said that if it scared me he could give it himself. Does it scare me? I told Eusebio like it was the most terrifying thing in the world, but, is it really?

It's not any presentation or conference. I've given conferences and talks to important people before. Once to a group of judges I was introduced as the expert and had to defend myself. This is different, though. These are going to be people way more expert and knowledgeable than me. I'm nobody. I'm barely shaping myself. I haven't published anything, this is my first research project and Eduardo wants me to publish it in this huge journal.

It won't be done this year. I can rest now. Not now, not yet. I still have to finish these words and continue working on my last to-do of the year. This last issue pending, just one more sleepless night and I can worry again about stuff and people that don't really matter.


### 2018-12-19

Let's see how it is to write the words in my phone. Yesterday I had to use the old custom of copying and pasting lots of the same word over and over until completing the limit just so I could continue with the streak of days. I mean, sure, what's the point of keeping a streak if it will also count cheating? I did it lots of times years ago when I used to care about this. I am barely starting again and missing because of something out of my hands would be a disappointment.

These past few weeks I was so excited and anxious to come home. And now that I am here, it's... Empty.

If it weren't because of Anahi's tweet about indirect messages in social media, I would had posted something like: I just exited one of the most polluted city in the world to come to one impregnated with the fog of your memories.

Yeah, corny as fuck, just like I like it.

I didn't, tho...

I ordered an Uber to the airport that costed about twice as much of what I expected.

I left the apartment later than I had planned, nonetheless the timing was OK.

I finished almost all of my perishable food. My suitcase let me brought much of the clothes I don't plan on wearing anymore. Eduardo made some corrections that brought the characters number, again, over the limit. And he also asked me to calculate the correlations with the clinical data on the other stages of the study, and to add the significance values of the analyses. I planned of doing it on the airport, maybe if it'd take me too much, finish it on the plane. When I'd get home, I could upload it, Eduardo check it again, and today send it without issue.

I neither could finish it on the airplane nor uploaded. My laptop's battery died an hour before landing. I worried that Miguel would end up picking me and not going to my mum's dinner.

I was wearing this dress and heels and makeup. I felt pretty, and yet again, like that last time, a woman referred to me as young man when she and her companion tried to cut off in line. Just that morning I had thought how being misgendered when being specifically femme hurt the most.

I told Monica before take off, and that made it a little easier.

My mum was the one who picked me up, Miguel and grandma were with her. From the airport we would go straight to the restaurant. The place didn't had parking, so I said that I was worried about leaving all of my stuff in the car. I drove home with Miguel to leave it and then come back. I thought I could grab this phone and set it up. I didn't know where it was and didn't had that much time to look for it. I didn't even plugged the laptop.

We returned to the restaurant. And just as we arrived lots of people welcomed us and greeted me with that deadname and calling me son. I felt like Jon Snow being stabbed on the chest over and over. I was wearing a dress, tights and heels. I was wearing make-up. Nothing mattered.

I was excited for that dinner.

Surprisingly, I talked with Miguel and the conversation flowed amazingly. We stayed until the very end, the closing time of the restaurant, a couple of minutes past midnight. It was two hours later for me, as I'm still on Mexico city's hours. I asked Miguel to let me use his iPhone for a couple of minutes and cheated.

We got home and I finished the abstract. I cried a little out of frustration but finished it alright around 3 in the morning. I sent a telegram message to Eduardo and went to bed. I slept maybe 3 or 4 hours at most. I wanted to take the clothes out but felt this huge uneasiness being in my own room all cluttered and dirty. I ended up passing most of the morning throwing stuff away and cleaning the bookshelfs.

I did sent an audio to Paola asking her to meet us before the seeing the other girls. That's why I'm here, parked in plaza Rio waiting half an hour until someone send a message saying they are there. She did answer and told me she would call me. She didn't.

It's OK. Paola S just messaged asking that someone tells her when they'd go. Paola offered her to pick her up. Catherine replied that she's really tired and won't come. Someone could send her later the amount of money and she'd deposit it. I read it and felt relief.

I guess I won't see her until the party.





### 2018-12-20

This past night I did sleep. I didn't went to bed that late. I was really tired even when they kicked us out of Carl's jr because they were closing. That was half and hour after 10. I got home maybe by eleven. I felt this huge bitter pain in my heart and even now almost 24 hours later I can pinpoint exactly the source of that sadness.

After typing the words in my phone before going to Costco, I waited not much sitting near the tables of the soda fountain. Paola Sanchez was the first one to come. We chatted a little about her master program and my finishing mine. Does it look like I'm bragging when I tell about my master? I had thought of making no mention of my going to Maryland or Rome and yet I talked about both yesterday.

"And you, Sofi, what about you?" Asked Jessica inquiring about my romantic situation. The closest contact I've had with another person was that party I danced with and caressed that canadian stranger. "I have no time for that, I'm engaged to science now, I guess" I joke trying to escape the question. I told her and them how I just had sent the abstract for OHBM and was waiting for the funds for my couple of months in US.

She make a comment like she was impressed. It wasn't that I felt it fake or anything. I just felt this huge emptiness inside.

Paola made no mention of her news until we changed places from the Starbucks to the Carl's Jr. After shopping around for the food I will not eat, we went to meet with Jessica in Galerias. She was waiting for us in the coffee shop. Paola sent me an audio of Diego saying he missed me and wanted me to be in the car with them.

It was just then when I thought about Catherine again, if she were reading the messages or thinking about us.

I realize just now that the cheating I did a couple of days ago in the dinner with my mom, not all words were saved. So, yeah, my cheating was fruitless.

I had already forgotten the real reason we had gathered until the food arrived and they inquired about it.
I had told my mom I suspected that Paola would tell us that she and Jose were a thing again. Maybe she had forgiven him, I don't know... It wasn't that. She has someone new. Oscar is his name. She sent a message today to the group about therapy and mentioned that Oscar had his process. Catherine about who he was, but a typo instead said that she wanted one. They joked about the mistake. "Why, you didn't come to the gossip", Paola said playfully. Maybe she has forgiven Catherine. Maybe she never really cared. Maybe it's me now the one who she's not OK with... She, again, said we could look for my dinner. Maybe we could find something just for me. Again I told her thanks, but no thanks. Perhaps I am just taking things way too seriously.

We chatted and I was extra sensitive to the plural masculine. These days have been very difficult in that regard. It might have something to do with my blues.

Chevo would com meet us by nine. We kept taking turns playing with Diego and joining back in the conversation. Apparently this guy is really serious with Paola. She might have her chance now to being in a real relationship.

There were some parallels with my own story. She went out with him before breaking up with Jose. No, it's not the same. We did break up. Just I didn't let her go, not really. It's my own issues with possessiveness and attachment. Just like I couldn't really stop wanting Monica, I took it the whole other way with Catherine but with resentment instead.

I was sad hearing her news. It's not that I really cared about Jose. Maybe I empathized with him? No. I felt envious of her. Catherine had Carlos and she has this person. I am, and probably will keep being alone.

I keep meeting new people but none of them would see me. No, now people see me. They just don't want me. Not in that way. How could they? Why would they?

I have lots of things to do anyway. Lots of plans. I have not time to feel lonely. I'll keep being busy, instead.

### 2018-12-21

I feel tired. Not like those last times in Mexico city, when I felt this huge load on my back and shoulders and just wanted to lie down, close my eyes and let time pass over me like a river. This is different. There is an uneasiness with it.

I got up real early, around 7 in the morning. I entered my parents room for a towel even before my dad woke up. Nobody were up yet. They seemed like they didn't even planned to. I thought my dad would go to work today like every other weekday. That was the reason I asked my mom if she could give me a lift to the border or if she wanted to go as well.

I secretly hoped for the latter. That way I would not have to buy the stupid present of the exchange myself. I already paid the 40 dollars for the abstract. I don't have that much money left. And I still needed to buy some clothes. I have this fantasy that I am independent and self-sufficient but I am not. The money I receive is not enough. Nobody offers me jobs like the courses to Said or even the Institute position for Viviana. What's the point of Rome, or going to NIH if none of those things will help me find a job.

I'll still need to wait until my university degree comes with my real name on it. That might take months, maybe even a year.

When Harry meets Sally is on the TV as background noise.

I needed to buy the fucking specific sweatshirt and look for a christmas sweater to wear to the party. They didn't care to mention me that they had planned it that way. Although it is my fault for not letting them know that I wanted to go in the first place. By now, most of them sure be aware of my real intentions of not telling.

I was a little irritated when, after being told yesterday that we'd be leaving around 8 in the morning, by 9 am nobody seemed even close to being ready.

My grandma crossed by feet with me. There were a lot more people in lane than when I used to cross alone. We waited maybe half an hour. We broke fast in Denny's. I was wearing the sweatshirt my grandma fixed this week. I wore make-up. Nobody here seems to care. I am almost sure the waitress called me 'son', too. Everyone keeps doing it. Is it because of how I look? Is it because of me?

First I bought a hard drive, so the one where I keep all the data of my master don't die on me. We got the nto Wal-mart so I could start looking for a stupid sweater with a phrase of a first dad or one of baseball. Of course I found nothing.

My mother said they had gone to this store with cheap clothes. We could go there to look for underwear and pants. I bought pants but no underwear. Two pairs and a long sweater that looks like a dress, or a dress that looks like a sweater. At first I thought I could wear it for tomorrow, but then realized it actually is pretty to waste it like that.

Fuck it, I could later see what to wear. We went to, other places, I guess.

In target I didn't found the stupid sweater at first and freaked out a little. Then realize nothing really matters and I could take whatever. I bought a white blouse, another sweater, a pair of tights, leggings, a packet of panties and two bras. Finally when I returned looking for whatever, I found the sports section. There was one of baseball, but that shit costed almost 50 dollars. I grabbed it anyway. My parents didn't notice and I feel a little guilty. The fucker who grabbed my name in the match will probably get me some shit of 10 dollars.

I saw a tamagotchi in Game stop, like the ones I used to play with when I was a child. In the car I mentioned my frustration with the sweaters to my family and both Miguel and mum told me they had sweated they could lend me. I could wear Miguel's grumpy cats one with the leggings I bought. Back home, Luis told me he had one of Pikachu. I could wear that one instead with my leather jacket over. That one is fitter. I don't know in which one I look better.

I don't know if I want to go.

Paola called me when we were in Target. I noticed the messages in the group where she asked if anyone knew where Catherine works. I didn't relate at first those two bits of information. I returned the call and she asked me. "Sofi, I didn't want to end up asking you". But she did. And I answered.

I asked her later if she had contacted her. She did. I asked then if she wanted me/us to come early to help her set up. She didn't say no, but ended up giving me the same time we had agreed at Carl's jr.

Maybe this is the last sign that I should let things die.

Let's see what happens tomorrow.

### 2018-12-22

Maybe I should start writing the words now that it's early. I won't be around the computer all night. I should get them out and forget about them until tomorrow. I had weird dreams last night. The first one I was in some kind of school or class. We played the game I've been playing with Luis in their Switch. Smash bros. When I was a child I used to play it with Edgar. Maybe that's way the second, creepiest dream was about him, too. It was the Nintendo 64. I was maybe in the first years of elementary school. It was the same time that I used to play with the tamagotchis.

I hesitated about buying one yesterday. I didn't. Why would I need to play with a pocket electronic pet when I can clean, play and sleep with my own dog?

I did ask L to borrow their Christmas sweater. It's going to be cold in the night. I might need to wear something over it. I might feel more comfortable with better fitting clothes. My mum mentioned how my chest looked bigger in that one. I still feel nervous about seeing them.

I let it all out, my worries and frustrations about the party and my so called friends. I did feel better after talking it out, but I could not shook out the feeling that I were betraying them.

I let the computer ran the copying of my data from the old external drive to the new one. It hasn't finished yet after the whole night of nightmares.

In my dream I remember longing to see Monica. We had plans, maybe, or I wanted to make them. Perhaps it was like the plans with my classmates that they never really materialized. The second dream was different. I was in some kind of bus, like the one I take to go to the lab. I got into this kind of argument or fight with a passenger. He was kicked out of the bus, but later returned. I got off before that and ran away. I did look like a women. I hate that issue with my dreams, where it's not constant the gender in which I appear in them. If it's hard enough to deal with the sensation of living in different realities, doing that in even different bodies and beings it's way worse.

After fleeing from that guy who literally battered me, I got into this kind of party. The details are fuzzy. It turn into some kind of sleep-over. I guess I did looked-like and was a woman. But, then again, the line of girls started to do this kind of human-centipede joke smelling their own farts. It was the strangest-kind-of-funny and disgusting thing I've dreamed. I was not a part of that concoction. Andrea was pregnant and I feared something way more disgusting would happen. Nothing did, tho. She just left and then went missing.

It turned into some kind of mystery, and drama. Other people went missing. The dream concluded in my finding this videotapes of Edgar having gay sex with someone. It wasn't rape. Maybe it's my homophobic parts of my unconsciousness that parallels two men having sex with rape. Or at least being something shameful. Shameful enough to kill?

I might need to work in those unworked issues of my mind.

My dad went to buy breakfast. I came back to the computer to see if the work were done. It wasn't.

There was a notification in my phone from whatsapp. The conversation with Monica continued after the night, so at first I thought it was her. I saw the raw phone number that I've grown to relate with Catherine. At first I thought it was a message directly aimed for me. She was asking if we agreed for a time in the preparation of the party, and if so, which it was. Jessica answered her saying we agreed to arrived half an hour before 8 so we could help Paola.

So it did was the time we all agreed for. I might arrive even later than that. I don't know. I don't know what I'll wear, or how to feel. I could completely stop smoking and yet just to think about tonight I feel this urge to have a smoke to calm my nerves.

I need to eat before going. I guess I have the perfect excuse to arrive late. I did say I would make plans before getting there.

### 2018-12-23

Last night was a complete disaster.

A clusterfuck of bad decisions, terrible events and misery.

It's almost 6 o'clock in the afternoon, my head hurts, My knuckles are bruised and I literally feel like I want to die.

I woke up in my bed with my black bra on the night table. I couldn't find my phone nor my purse. I couldn't recall how I got home. I had told my dad I would send him a message if I wanted him to pick me up early. But I didn't order an Uber. I had this flashes of someone mopping the hall and me sitting with the trash can in front of me. I remembered too telling my mom about my nipple pain.

My hand hurt. I hit something, or worse, someone. I remember joking with Chevo that I would not drink with the girls because I had a penis. I'd never make a joke about that. I went upstairs and asked my parents what had happened and how I had gotten home. They filled some of the blackouts in the timeline. I came to the computer and sent a message to Paola, inquiring about my stuff. Maybe I had left them there.

She filled some of the rest missing events. I hit a wall, because of Catherine. I did throw up. Chevo and Jessica stayed with me for a while before leaving. She called my brother and then contacted my parents to come for me. My mom said that she affirmed that I was fine, but didn't feel comfortable sending me in an Uber.

"She and I went upstairs for a while. She waited until your dad arrived to make sure you were OK, but didn't come close so she would not affect you more". I felt like shit. I remember noticing how she glanced at me sometimes, and I reciprocated with this concealed resentment in my eyes. I feared I had said something to her. Maybe I should had sent her a message apologizing or something. Paola disagreed.

"Rehidrate and rest, instead. Later we see what's up. But yeah, now don't send her anything, wait until you're 100 without hangover, physical or moral."

I looked up Catherine's twitter. There was a post around three in the morning, not much later after my dad picked me up. "Hey, what the fuck?"

Anahi replied her with a gif of Sofia Vergara circling her finger besides her head. She replied back with one of Paul Rudd drinking a cup of coffee and nodding.

I sent a message to Chevo asking what had happened, and then again to Paola, if I had told Catherine anything. "No, with Cathy you never talked, but she noticed"

How the hell would she not?

Nymeria is sick. I feel like shit. I slept the rest of the afternoon and still feel broken inside. I want to cuddle up with my mom and cry.

I've never felt more alone in my life. Monica tried to cheer me up and listened to me for a while. It helped, I guess. But I did hit rock bottom.

It was a disaster. I am a horrible person.

I have this urge to contact her but I don't know what I expect from that. Should I apologize? Will she take it alright? Should I ask her how she is? Do I really want to know that she's fine and I'm the one drowning in my own issues.

Chevo and I went to the Oxxo to buy ping pong balls and cards. We walked the way there and I told him how even with all of my plans I feel anxious and empty inside. I see no meaning in what I'm doing. I see no future.

I told him I felt weird being around Catherine. He made a comment of how it was normal, and he expected it. "And for a reason", or something like that.

She took pictures with them. I felt irritated every time she answered to one of my comments. She uploaded the pictures on Facebook and I am half cutted in one. Everyone is tagged but me. But that is my fault. I am the one who deleted her. I am the one who shut the door and sat behind it to cry because she's gone.

"Sofia, this relationship with that girl is making you toxic, really. What do you see in her? She's disgusting. You are a sophisticated woman, she sells burgers."

"Sofi, because I love you is why I'll tell you this: You're making yourself toxic and you're hurting old friends just like they are hurting you. Don't involve your parents in that, you are a sophisticated woman, you have the higher ground, don't drown."



### 2018-12-24

I feel depressed. I cried while my grandma hugged me in my bed. I kept fantasizing about crawling in bed with my mom and just let it all out. The memories, or at least what I have constructed from the different accounts, keep playing in loops in my head.

I hear those words in her voice over and over "Hey, what the fuck?". I see her, going upstairs with Paola "see? see what I had to deal with? Who in their sane judgement would deal with that?"

I am broken. I am broken goods.

She waited until my dad arrived before leaving. She came no close because I was fucking disaster. There is still smell of vomit in the sweater Miguel lent me. There are spots of orange in the back of the legs of my leggings.

Yesterday I went to bed again around noon. I kept sending different messages to different people to gather whatever information I could. I think I've seen her twitter two dozens times since yesterday. I had this urge of sending her a message, god-knows-why. What the fuck do I expect from that? The voice inside my head tells me is to apologize. She deserves that. How the fuck will I apologize for something I don't even know I did. Maybe I can apologize for being a bitch this half-year. Was I?

I was in the bathroom in Mexico, when I was thinking why didn't I want to talk to her. What could she do, or what was what she didn't, that I I waited for?

I never got an apology. I was hurt, I felt like shit and she never apologized.

I did.

I was shit, too. But I did apologize. Except now. "Hey, what the fuck?"

Was I thinking I hit her when I punched the wall? They were several hits. "You never talked to Catherine, but we heard the punches from outside. We knew you weren't right. Jessica went inside to talk to you"

I kind of remember that. Flashes of that.

I thought it was a dream. Sitting with the can in front of me and seeing people mopping. Catherine wasn't around. She probably was with Paola upstairs. Why did they leave? Was it because of me? Maybe Paola wanted to tell her about Oscar. Maybe Catherine wanted to tell her what an asshole I am.

"She and I went upstairs for a while. She waited until your dad arrive to make sure you were OK, but didn't went close so she would not affect you more".

She broke my heart, intentionally, in Vegas. She wanted to hurt me and knew exactly how to deal the more damage, how to break me. "You don't do that to someone who you used to love", were Paola's words. She never really had to take sides. Why does it hurt, to think she turned?

"I don't think there are bad guys, but every person heals differently from a breakup?"

That night I was the monster. "Hey, what the fuck?"

"The relationship with that girl is making you toxic. I don't know what you see in her, really, she's hideous"

Why does it feel worse to hear that? "She is disgusting". "Ay, Sof...".

And yet I am here, crying because of her words. Because I want to apologize and, after everything that happened, I am not over her. I thought I hadn't forgiven her, but I haven't forgiven myself.

She might be hideous, but she's the only one who has ever loved me. She is only one who has seen me, naked fully, with my scars and my poison and hugged me nonetheless.

But I am toxic. I have issues.

"I don't really know most of what happened the night of the party. I don't know if, what I said or did. I just have this urge to apologize to you. For that night, for everything"

"Hey, what the fuck?"

"You said nothing. You drank too much, but acted weird all night towards me, kept looking at me with hate.

"Hey, what the fuck?"

"I just realized that whatever your problem is, it's not me. Work your issues, deal with them however you like, but don't blame me.

"Hey, what the fuck?"

"I think is best we have no contact anymore. Again and again we are just going to keep hurting each other. You literally punched a wall.

"Hey, what the fuck?"

"Grow up and leave me alone."

"Hey, what the fuck?"

Really, Sof, what the fuck is wrong with you?

### 2018-12-25

I'm in Mexicali. Today and last night have been the worst Christmas in my life. I can't deal with the urges to hide and cry. I don't even get the reason why.

I didn't make that mess. I didn't scream at her nor say anything stupid. I got drunk, black-out-drunk, and puked and punched a wall. I made it completely obvious I have issues. I have a problem. Just a couple of minutes ago ago, I made the utterly stupid decision to share an image about "the memories I will always have of the party" with a bunch of blank squares. I felt the need to add an explanation, telling I still have a moral hungover but maybe if I laugh it will pass sooner. Because I'm the complete idiot that thinks laughing about myself when nobody does, is the reasonable action. And laughing nobody did.

It was the second message I sent that Catherine read almost immediately. "Hey, what the fuck?"

She waited until my dad came to make sure I were fine. Maybe she is worried. Maybe she does expect an apology.

Her question is that, a question
She doesn't understand. She might not get how I can be this damaged, maybe she doesn't get what is wrong with me...

Paola told me not to tell her anything, yet. Monica told me it was an atrocious idea. "Dude, don't. Don't send her anything"

I've seen her Twitter feed a hundred times. Maybe there will be another hint of what happened, of what's going on. Maybe there will be an indirect message towards me.

I absolutely have not moved on. I thought I had. I was completely wrong.

I keep fantasizing about the next gathering. Before my return there might be a meeting for dia de reyes. Again in Paola's.

I have two options, either come like nothing had happened, to pretend again that I'm fine and everything is dandy; or tell everyone (or just a few) that I don't think is a good idea. That it would be better for me not to go.

Both can be fine, both can be disastrous for me, again making a fool out of myself and drowning in my own uncomfortableness.

I sent messages to Paola and Chevo. The last to Paola was saying, again, I wanted to sent her something. She ignored it. Chevo's was asking, begging him to see each outer. I confessed I needed help, somebody.

He did answer at least. He apologized that he's too busy lately. Maybe Thursday a little while, but he'd need to confirm.

"No prob. You tell me"

I sent a message to Fausto. Paola did asked me lastly if I was going to therapy. Maybe she's Catherine's bestie now. They can empathize now about breaking up with their horrible exes. How it was figuring out which was the last unforgivable mistake they would handle.

That could be the reason they went upstairs for a while.

It's not that I feel bad about what happened, it's that I don't know. It's not that I want forgiveness, it's that I want to figure out what they thought and think about me.

I sent Anahi a message wishing her merry Christmas. The last ones we exchanged weren't as dry as I thought. I realized I can't find her in messenger nor Facebook.

She could either had deleted her account, or blocked me.

I don't know.

Catherine is online in Facebook. Almost everyone saw my image and nobody said anything. I should had deleted it. No, I should had never sent it in the first place.

"You didn't say anything to her. But she noticed"

"... Didn't came closer to not affect you more."

I'm a fucking mess.

"I don't believe there is a 'bad guy', but that every person heals differently from a breakup"

She has a boyfriend now, whom she was seeing before breaking up. Catherine probably fucked the chillean the night before she slept with him with her hand on his thigh right next to me.

What hurt me the most was her indifference. "don't you think she cried for you already?" Had told me Anahi. And I didn't believe it. It's been half a year and I ruined my own Christmas fighting the urges to contact her.

Asking what the fuck, waiting to see I were fine, maintaining her distance is not indifference. What hurts me now is that she's the mature one. She's the reasonable one.

I am the drunk that punched a wall and could not see her in the eyes. I am the mess. I am the toxic person everybody congratulates you when you finally leave.

### 2018-12-26

I had different dreams. This happens almost every time that I sleep more than 8 hours and specially when the last or latest nights I didn't sleep enough. In these, I was mostly in schools. First I had a class with Zayra, but it was in my old grade school. I don't remember wearing any kind of uniform, and I do remember explaining to one of the teachers how I was older than most of the alumni: "you see, I had to return to grade school even though I am finishing my master's". I remember a phase where I had a lot of dreams with that theme, were I had to kept returning to classes in grade school or jr high, as if it were a requisite to obtain the certificates.

Now that I think of it, they stopped when my mom picked them up and they were all resolved.

A second one, I was taking a different master. It was another university and the program was completely different as well. We were just in this class of psychotherapy that nobody took serious, and because of that we failed the first assignment. As we returned to the second class, this one had to do with math, I took out my notebook and the professor seemed to have a problem with that. She picked it up from my desk and inspected it as if looking for something. I waited before saying anything, but she continued at the same time she continued giving her class. "It's mine" I said out loud, as if it weren't something completely obvious.

She raised her finger and continued with both of her actions. I stayed in my chair. Sitting, waiting. I don't remember how I looked or what I was wearing. I didn't feel singled out or observed until that very moment. The dreams changed as if someone had zapped the channel.

Again I was in a school. This time I wasn't older or different. I was just another girl in the class. I don't remember wearing a school skirt like the one from my high school. It was a gray skirt, but I don't know if it was loose one, or it fell from a jumper. I remember the worrying that my legs weren't shaved. Nobody seemed to notice. Maybe I was that young.

The context was different. It was a science class, but the movie was old and recorded on a VHS. There were some other things happening around that nobody paid close attention to the film. Even though it looked like we were in the 80's, people kept taking pictures up the skirts of the girls with cellphones. They weren't smartphones, though. They were like those clam-shell phones of my youth. I was one of those girls.

It's weird dealing with the things I didn't have to in my youth. Problems I never got used to, that I don't share with other women.

Something happened that brought up the conflict in the story. I had to deal with moral ambiguity and not knowing what to do. Nothing special. The teacher had brought up that the girls wouldn't receive the same consequences as the boys. Because girls are better behaved, because sexism comes in many different forms.
That is weird, too. Realizing that now I am a girl, now I am a woman. Now when they say "ladies first" they expect me to come forward. When they open the door and stay, they expect me to enter. In all these years, sometimes it keeps taking me unguarded.

What was different this time, was the comments some of the kids made just before the dream ended. They all treated me like any other girl. There weren't any questions or rumors. The pictures weren't because they were intrigued whether I had a vagina or a penis. Everything was normal until the casual comments came up.

"You are a women because you feel like one". They weren't judgmental or cynical, they were just them stating facts. "You were born a boy, but you are a girl." I hate those kind of comments. That kindness that feels a lot like hate. They remind me of what I ain't completely. They are showing me the past I want so desperately to bury and forget.

I woke up. I keep coming and returning from the depressive pit I seem to love to cry in. Monica told me to "Don't want to get close anymore to those fat fucks". She told me the truth like those good-intention-ed people that just state facts. "Why the fuck do you keep begging to those people?" "If Chevo were to look you up, let it come from him; but stop with the others, specially that pair of butterballs... None of those sorry messages, you end up looking worse, they are ignoring you. Get the hint, gurl".


"Yeah, I say all that little group of friends of yours are tired of you. Be it by tricks of that fatso that influenced them or they just feel alien to you. If they stay together, let them. You look bad begging and asking for explanations and insisting. It was your mistake putting yourself in there and make uncomfortable moments, but let it stay there, Sofia, let that people go.

"They are no longer your friends. They stopped being your friends a long time ago"

I feel this sickening temptation to keep sending Anahi a message. The words I kept repeating like a mantra came out of my mouth when I realized she had blocked me not just from facebook, but whatsapp, as well.

"Hey, what the fuck?"

I contained my urges

...mostly.

I did send a message to Jessica. I need to let it out. I ought it to her. I didn't go out with her as I should this summer. She came to the bathroom with me. She sent a message asking if I was alright. She won't be gentle. But I do need to get the fuck out of my self-hating and scorning pit. I will see her tomorrow night. The date I was supposed to see Chevo. He might have said something, they maybe commented how I am not OK. Maybe he will come, too. I don't know if I prefer that.

Friday I'll see Monica. The plan is set. Not all have to be miserable things and sorrows.

Let it just be a horrible year and move one.

### 2018-12-27

I decided to get up early -or never even going to bed- and cross the border with my parents, aunt, and cousin to take him to the airport. I knew I'd be getting memories from almost a year ago when I didn't sleep anything as well, and cross the border around the same time to go to Universal Studios. Almost the same spot in the line, the cold air and the dark skies. They were remnants of what happened and never will again.

Saudade.

We got to the airport and waited, but not as much as the last time we gave them a ride and arrived way too early.

I posted a couple of tweets. These did get attention. The first one was the image I saved of the baby cleaning the tears of an anime women in the television with the caption "My inner child dealing with my adult's existential crises". The other one I posted after we returned and I did sleep most of the morning. In it I stated how sometimes we need to let go toxic people from our lives and forgive them, what I tried to do these last half-year but found really really hard, and how it's even harder to let people whom we ourselves have been toxic and hurtful, forgive ourselves and grow; what I just realized this week is my actual situation.

I was lying in bed, thinking about the same old stuff: "Hey, what the fuck?", when I realized something important. I remembered Vegas and how her response had came at me unexpected like a curve-ball. "Were you talking to your ex?" "I saw unintentionally your phone and saw her name"...

Fuck.

I was texting her again. And Paola, and probably she as well, handled my phone. Of course there is nothing wrong in me texting with my friend, except for the fact that the last message I did send is clearly obvious in the application homepage, which is the nearest app to the thumb after unlocking the phone. The message was "Really, I want to beat up this HondureÃ±a".

"Hey, what the fuck?" indeed.

Its both violent and mildly racist. Who wouldn't be freaked out after reading that after someone hit a fucking wall drunkenly in the bathroom. Panic surged in all of my body. It all fit. 5 minutes before the call to my brother.

I made a mess. Paola came to me and asked me for my phone. They couldn't unlock it so I did it for her/them. She wants to find the contacts and instinctively opens whatsapp. She can't find the back button so she ask Catherine. She looks at the message and returns it. I returned and maybe look for the contact myself. Meanwhile Catherine backs up and tweets her mind. What the fuck?

A couple of minutes later the call is made and of course she does not comes close.

Monica doesn't think is that likely. Maybe she just asked myself to call my brother. Maybe she asked me and Catherine never came close to the device. Maybe they didn't even opened whatsapp in the first place.

All the time I showered I played in loops the possible scenario in my head. This time I could get unstuck fairly easy. What does it matter anyway? Of course I'm a violent idiot. I was black-out drunk in the first place, an idiotic message doesn't change a fucking thing.

Maybe Jess was still around when it happened, maybe it did happen and everybody knows.

"If that had happened someone would have complained to you already"

I will meet with Jess in a couple of hours. I started the words in my laptop but am currently resuming in my phone on the way to the movies with my family.

There was activity in the gang's group. Yesterday Paola posted something about the party, something I clearly don't recall and received several reactions. This noon Paola asked about when they, we, I guess, could gather to cut the king's cake. Catherine was one of the firsts to reply, they agreed on Saturday fifth. The date I had told Jessica to save.

It's a sure thing I won't do anything for my birthday and almost as sure a thing that I won't go to the gathering.

After talking with Jess, if it doesn't get cancelled, of course, I can decide what to do.

I've been rehearsing all day, crying in front of the mirror what I want to say. Even then I find it difficult to order all of my thoughts. Even then I find it difficult to open up.

### 2018-12-28

I, really, don't know what to do now.

It's not even about how I feel. Not anymore at least...

I got to Argana really nervous. I felt incredibly cornered when I went upstairs and saw just an empty table in the very middle. I went outside, but decided not to smoke. Jessica had sent me a message saying she was out and on her way a couple of minutes before when I left the esplanade. I posted a Tweet about the sea at night.

Minutes passed, maybe half an hour after 9, when Eusebio arrived. I started with some of the phrases I rehearsed before. He just saw me worried. "I had told you that it was serious. It was the more intense I've been with you, that I'd not joke about alcohol with you anymore".

That resonates with me more now after what Monica told me.

I told him I'd not go to the King's pie gathering. He agreed like it was an obvious thing.

Jessica got there after her own food. We went inside and I returned to the themes. How I felt, how I dealt with everything and how I was doing now, but specially what I feared.

She just smiled and told me that she has no problems with me. I think things a lot. I do my own interpretations and drown in them. She's not wrong.

"I wish Catherine were here so the both of you could talk about this. It's been a lot of time now, get over it." She gets uncomfortable when I am there, I, when she's there. It's over, we might not be friends anymore, but... I don't remember most of what they say anymore.

I was calmed, though. I slept and rested, or at least for a while. They have the idea that I haven't gotten over her -which is totally true and undeniable after the facts- and that I need closure. I never got it from her. We never really talked after the whole shit. I wanted to talk about what had happened, how I felt and specially what we'd do next. She answered, pissed, asking if I was talking with my ex. Carlos, her chilean friend left and a couple of days later she sent me a message. Then, I was the one pissed. And we haven't really chatted since. And I'm arrested in this continuous state of anger and hurt.

I was really affected by her presence there.

I saw Monica today. I woke up around 8 in the morning. We talked a little. I went right back to sleep. I didn't go to sleep that late. I sent my mum a message around half an hour before midnight saying I was on my way. I waited a couple minutes more in the car before entering. My mum sent me a message asking how it went, if I felt more at eased.

We exchanged messages where I explained her everything, what happened, how I felt, what I thought could had happened and how I felt with that. What Chevo and Jessica thought I needed to do and if I wanted to do it.

Moni had a lot of stuff to talk about. The most important thing was when right before she warned that it would hurt but she wanted to tell me since she knew. It was from two years ago when I sent her her stuff with Chevo and Omar.

Omar told her that he didn't really knew me. I was in a party at his house once. Mostly I was Chevo's friend, that's why he was doing that favor. Chevo had told him that I was their friend, but things were weird lately. They knew trans people before, but after the transition their personalities were the same, but mine was different. I was this outgoing party-goer in a bad way, disastrous way. They were all really uncomfortable around me now, and mostly were just keeping me around to see what I'd do next.

It didn't hurt as much as I thought it would. It is what I feared the most, sure, and exactly what I had thought. Even then, a couple of years ago, when I wasn't alone, Catherine and I asked to meet them to talk exactly about that. Things were... not flowing the same way. Maybe it was about me, maybe it was about the both of us. They denied it and things went the same.

Now, I am alone. And I have nobody to bounce back the information I have. To Catherine I probably am that sick, troubled and broken person, so, really, what's the difference? Maybe she's right. Maybe everybody else was right and should had known it, but forgot it, just like Chevo's reaction with my alcohol issues.


### 2018-12-29

The year is coming to an end. I thought today we would go to the United States. It was the plan. Last time we went before the morning of the airport, I had asked the time of leaving. My mum said we would leave around 8. I was the only one awake at that time. I ended up waiting for everyone to get ready. Again I asked and this time she said it'd be around 10, maybe.

It was way past midnight. I went to bed but found it hard to fall asleep. I kept checking the IG story I uploaded with Monica and the number of followers I had. I was just waiting to see Anahi's face in the list of viewers and her name deleted from the list of contacts. I think I was kind of obsessed with that happening, even though I really don't understand what I would end up getting from that.

A couple of days ago I saw a tweet on Catherine's profile with an exclamation and an upset face. Her personal tweets are vague and non-sensical. It is I who puts meaning into them, echoing the critique that I am swallowed by my own interpretations. A lot of shit came out of a non-directed "hey, what the fuck?" . Last night it was a gif of Regina George stating "whatever, I am getting cheese fries", accompanied by her own "ugh". It could had been about a million different things. Just because of the coincidence of times it does not mean she went into my IG feed and looked at the pictures.

According to my own perspective she would not give a shit even if I posted a video of us fucking.

I'll meet Paola tomorrow. I don't mention any of this, though.

Around four in the morning, there was a notification beep that made me extend my hand. It was a Twitter notification saying that Anahi had followed me back. Probably a misguided thumb when exploring my feed.

People care and look. When we looked at each other phones, I noticed in Monica's she had searched for Catherine's profile. She laughed and told me she wanted to check if she had blocked her. "Well, I guess obviously not because I saw her picture where she tagged Chevo".

Maybe she does look? She didn't when we were something, now that we're not, why would she?

I opened IG out of reflex after the non-news. First, there was her name on the story, and second, my followers were one fewer. I sent her a message even though Monica would not agree. "Why do you keep contacting those lards?"

"I was awaken by the notification of your follow-back in Twitter, but just now I saw that you already deleted/blocked me from everywhere...

"Sorry if I said/did something, I really don't know what happened, but Ok, I guess... I'll stop following you on here and twitter"

She kept writing and deleting. Maybe she didn't expect my messaged, maybe she did and had something prepared.

"Do whatever you want. I don't think we'll be friends. That's why I did it, not just you. Cheers on everything you're doing"

"It's hurtful to read that, specially the male "friends", I hope it was a typo... But I understand."

"Ups, yeah. Don't take everything so personal"

Fuck you, you just blocked me and misgender me, don't tell me it is not fucking personal.

There are two things that I wish I could talk with Catherine.

I keep looking at her Twitter and status on messenger as if I would find something, anything that make any change.

If what Monica told me has a any foundations, there is no use in following Chevo and Jessica's advice. I don't know, I don't know if I should contact her, even less ask her to meet.

When I flirted with the idea I remembered the letter I wrote as a homework. It would fit as closure. Just reading or giving it to her. Saying I am still hurt and resentful, but now understand is mostly about me and that doesn't mean I am not thankful of every thing she did for me. Although I am not sure if we can be friends in the long run, right now I need space and not know anything about her.

Monica shitted on Jessica's words. Bullshit she said in way many more words and phrases. Things happened and they will never ever be undone. Things will never be the same and we should all grow the fuck up.

Maybe she's just bitter, maybe she's way more right than any of us.

### 2018-12-30

I did see Paola. It went even better than with Chevo and Jessica. This time I did believe her.

I had several dreams. I tweeted about them. Two truths, one lie. I made up one about being mugged and wandering lost homeward. The other were true, tho. The first was of me being in the laboratory. Eduardo asked us to do that thing I've just done once where we expose our advancements in less than, one minute?

I had more things to do and felt over-stressed. The lab was different as well. It was the location of my mum's old classroom. A huge hall with desks in the surrounds. We were a lot more, too. Mostly I just worked and felt the anxiety.

The second was about Catherine. In it, I ended up with her in a room and we talked. That was as much as I said in the tweet. I don't remember even what was it that we talked about. We just did, and it went well. Then we were in a car being driven by, my grandma? Anyway, we fucked. I kissed her neck and saw the sensations it woke on her. Even now I fall again in this stupid competition of who wins and loses, thinking that even though I had a sex dream about her, her body was different. Does it really matter she was slimmer in it? I fucked her, I miss her.

She also had a penis. In a really unsettling way I penetrated her penis. Mine was as it used to be, capable to having an erection, and hers was just as mine is right now. Small and undeveloped. I pushed it until it entered. It really was a disturbing image.

Paola told me another thing I didn't know about the party. I wrote about how I joked about having a penis with Chevo. He laughed and then-me was pleased with herself. Now-me is mortified about how I could joke about such thing. Today she said that not only did I joked in a personal matter, I screamed it out-loud.

Oscar, her boyfriend, was making me a drink. Because of fucking course. He knew I was in a bad shape, so he prepared it without almost any alcohol. He was shocked and paralyzed when I screamed. Later he would ask her about it. She explained it to him, how I was Sofia but she knew me in the university under a different name and all that jazz. "She's my friend, she accompanied me to Queretaro, and if you have a problem with her, with that, then you can leave". I was really surprised to hear that. In a good way.

When I told her Anahi had blocked me she wasn't surprised at all. Maybe Catherine had said something, but she made no mention of that. She did say that she already knew about the tweet I had complained about. Catherine had mentioned it in her chat. She didn't agree with that, about exposing the things on social media. How she published everything with Carlos, how she hugged him and stroked his inner leg next to me.

She told me how she felt uncomfortable, how she was stressed about how things were. That the group would have to go out with each of us separately because of it. Paola told her how some of her comments felt, hostile. There was this air of hostility between us, it was palpable.

The should had talked many many more stuff to last all the time between my fall to the drunken dark hole at midnight and three in the morning when Chevo and Jessica finally went to get them because I was still drunk.

Now that I think it, maybe the tweet wasn't about me after all. Maybe Paola told her something she didn't agree with... No, for fuck's sake, I threw up all over myself. It was about me.

Paola told me to talk with Chevo about what Monica told me. I just sent him an audio of 6 minutes with a 20 second introduction video. Now I'll just wait for his answer.

I wrote the draft of the possible message I could send to Catherine. I can't stop thinking about how Paola empathized with me. I told her how I feel unattractive and never really related my trans-ness with her having a child. "Catherine told me, that you should just go out with somebody. I told her, that it's not that easy for us" ...

I don't know. I feel like apologizing, maybe we really ought to talk it out. Maybe, maybe it's better that I wait?

I don't know. I really don't know. Tomorrow is the last day of 2018. Maybe I should send the message and wait that if I receive a bad answer I can just throw it away with all of the shit that happened this year, and move on...



### 2018-12-31

Last night I sent Chevo a video and an audio of 6 minutes were I explained what Monica told me, and asked him what really happened. I'm the video I told him that I wished I could do that in person but I got that information only a day after our meeting.

The night passed and I got no response. It was expected. Before that I opened up about my intentions to Monica. She was approving but hesitant. First, she wanted to know what was my objective, what I expected to get out confronting him.

I explained how, firstly, I needed to know if it really happened. Then I would like an explanation. From that information I could arrive to a conclusion about continuing our friendship or parting ways. She, then, stop approving. If that were my reasons, she said, then there was no point. I had many reasons to stop that toxics relationships. She put an emphasis on the word toxic.

At first I kept trying to explain my reasoning, make her understand, but then I realized she had made her mind. She's had issues with her friendships. She doesn't trust mine. She has a point, tho. They are mostly one-directional. I am the one who, even with Chevo and Paola, reaches out all the time.

Later, when I told her about the message to Anahi, again she was disappointed. I should had let it go. She's right. I do have this pathological need to need to know. I do care what people think about me.

For a transgender person, that is a dangerous attribute.

We continued most of our conversations with audio messages until, in the last one, she told me she would try to sleep.

After sending the message to Chevo, I had this urge to send one to Catherine. I even wrote it in my notes. All night I kept reading it over and over, changing little things, thinking, considering sending it out.

The year is almost ending, I kept repeating to myself. What will I get out of it? Do I even want to make things up and have her as a friend?, I answered back to myself.

A part of my thought about asking her to meet in person. Telling it face to face. Just a little more than a week before I leave town again until who knows when.

My grandma is sitting right next to me in the car, fidgeting with her plastic bag and I worry I will smash my head on the window.

I told my mom about what Paola told me, about how I screamed I had a penis.

I said nothing about my intentions of sending the message.

She went upstairs and I stayed on the couch watching FMA, with my phone on my hands. I had her chat window opened and had pasted the message. She hadn't been online in a while. It was around midnight, I guess when I sent it out. I felt my heart race and my body tremble. I don't know how much time passed before I saw her online.

Was I still in the living room or was I already in bed? She was online for a really long while. At first I wondered if she were typing, but the green words didn't appear. It was just her, online. Was she talking it out with someone? Anahi, perhaps? It was way too late for her to be talking with Carlos. Maybe she was just reading it over and over. Maybe she was waiting until I went offline to type or answer. Maybe she was doing something completely unrelated.

I closed the application and waited to see if her answered would suddenly came. Then I opened it up and her online status would disappear. We kept opening and closing it until almost two in the morning.

In the morning, Jessica sent a message asking if the rest of the group would go to the king's cake. Around the same time I got her answer.

We continued chatting for a while and I kept feeling worse. What was I expecting? In all the awkward messages and replies there was never an apology. There were worries, and explanations, but no apologies apart from mine.

We talked about her mom and my mum. I told her about Anahi and talked a little about that, how she has never bad-mouthed me or asked anyone to stop talking to me.

I finally told her generally about what had happened with Chevo. She said she hoped our next encounters would be lighter and that my decision of going or not to Paola's were not because of her.

And that was it. Another conversation but this time started by me. Do I want to keep talking to her? Why do I feel sadder after all of this?

In the way here, I opened her Twitter. Last night, after getting my message she had retweeted a post about being open this new year, to new friendships, to start anew, to meet with people that missed them. This time she posted a review month by month of this year. From Jan to Oct. Her first long trip, when we went to LA. Her birthday and how she enjoyed it, when I traveled her to spend it with her. The loss of her pet of 13 years, when I wasn't there for here, neither present or in any way. Even though I played a part in the first quarter, there were no mention of me until April, where she stated "I finished my relationship of almost three years".

This bitter mix of nostalgia and guilt came over me. The rest where things I had known about, like her rekindling her friendships or her dancing classes, a whole tweet about her happiest moment in 2018 and my hardest one. The rest were new for me. Like her new dog and her getting closer to her mom.

I hesitated about sending the message because I wasn't sure I wanted to know about her, to have any kind of contact. And now that I did, I feared that chevo and Jessica were right in that I didn't want closure.

I don't know what I want. I don't know why I am this sad.

