# 2019 — 26 years old

## February, 2019

## 2019-02-02

/It's been almost two weeks since I wrote in here. I don't live in Fuentes Brotantes anymore. January is finally over. Catherine and I keep occasionally exchanging messages with the burden of initiating on my shoulders. I had a fight with Monica. I've been going out more with friends. Karen, Sofia, Eliseo. I flirted and for an instant believed that I don't necessarily will end up alone. I am on medication again. Just moments ago I applied the estrogen shot to myself.

I stopped writing because of depression. I thought it was different, maybe it was anxiety. The psychiatrist disagreed. It's more depression than anything else. He prescribed a benzodiazepine anyway. Maybe it would be a way to force me to stop drinking. It didn't. I know is dangerous to mix alcohol and them, and yet yesterday I both drank, smoke weed and took my prescribed drops of calm.

What was first? Yeah, the finale of Steven Universe. Sofia invited me to watch it in her house with Eliseo. We talked before seeing the special episodes. I narrated the what-happened of the Christmas party. Sofia told us about her ex. Eliseo about his own and the conflict with his supposed-friends. I was glad I actually went. The episode ended on a theme of accepting yourself, loving yourself.

I asked Catherine about Anahi, about the tweet she had later deleted. Or at least that was my intention. It ended up badly. Again she repeated how it was uncomfortable to her that I had looked her up. She was her friend first.
She didn't want me to talk about it, at least with her. She sees her as Miguel or Vania, people outside of the group that we share.

It hurt in a way different than what I would had imagined. I remembered the entry of when Anahi had told me I could be her best friend. I was so excited of having someone else beside my current partner. What really happened that we stopped talking then? "You ghosted her completely, and don't deny it".

Did I?

And then it was the other thing. We were in her car outside my house when she confessed how she felt sad and guilty. She kept talking how she was lonely and had suddenly realized that she had Miguel or Vania while I had only her. I had nobody to talk with and there she were complaining about loneliness when I should had felt way worse.

It was one of the few moments that I remember actually feeling better with what she said. Although it hurt to hear it from her, I felt understood.

"I do know that, really, all of our friends were yours first" I said but went ignored and or unanswered.

The conversation continued, but I couldn't stop thinking that there is no point.

Today is L's birthday. I sent them a message in whatsapp. It's the anniversary of my coming to the city, two years ago. In four days it's Catherine's birthday. I had thought about sending her an audio message around the time I was expecting hers on my birthday. In my mind none of this would be happening: the occasional superficial conversations, my checking her social media, being jealous and insecure about her finding somebody else.

There was a tweet she posted recently in her first day of this semester of college. "What did I do to deserve this?" Anahi and her chilean friend both replied. The former said "You stopped talking to me because of a broad!, nah, I'm joking, relax, it's just a bad streak". I blocked Anahi, so I had to went straight into her profile to read that. The answer was "I didn't stop talking to you! ...we just went out less. I'M SORRY"

I read those messages and compare them to ours and they're so different it hurts. The past will never come back, and yet I keep worrying about that supposed women, about her going out with somebody else. Is it because I don't want to be replaced or, as Paola asked, in a way I want her back? Or is it because I fear I will end up alone?

She went with Anahi to Big bear. Anahi has a profile picture in her Facebook similar to Catherine's. Why do any of this matters?

I kept using both Tinder and Bumble. Nothing has come out of those. I reply to some messages and get new ones now and then, but, then what?

The last one was this girl, Roxana, she's a barista and in our messages actually mentioned how we had a good start. She read my bio and in hers she said she was pansexual. "So this means we won't answer back?!" said once.

Now she hasn't answered, just like all of the hundred women I have talked in the apps.

Another was from Tijuana. We actually matched there and then she just didn't answer my message asking about books. I came back to the city, and apparently, so did she. We matched in Bumble and she asked me if I was from Tijuana, because as a matter of fact so were she. We talked for a while, I mentioned the feminist meeting I went to with Sofia and she talked to me about her friend coming to the city. The last that happened was how I found her on Twitter and told her I hesitated before following her, as my own feed embarrases me. She didn't answer and I followed her anyway. That was the end of it.

Mariana, one of the girls who reads me on Twitter, said several comments about being worried about what I post. When I told Sof about that, she agreed and said that she was there if anything were happening with me. Maybe I should back a little down on the depressing shit I post.

After the Steven Universe finale, there was Danny's birthday celebration in a place of Mezcal. "Dulce Maguey".

That was the day I had the argument with Monica. I had sent her a picture of my outfit and she critized the undone buttons on my blouse. They looked thrashy, was her reason. I explained I had just buttoned it for the picture but the conversation kept going about that. It wasn't sexy. I don't know what it clicked but it just made me think how I am not sexy. No matter what I do, how I dress or act, nobody finds me attractive. Who in their sane judgment would want to be with someone as ugly and broken as me?

"Talk to me when you get rid of that nasty attitude" she finally said when I was on the metrobus.

Moments later, when I was walking to the destination, I waited for the green stick figure to appear and give the right of pass. Suddenly it did, but my feet did not move. I stood there confused for an instant, when a huge red figure furiously passed just inches in front of me.

"Why didn't I step forward?" I would later post. "I thought it was something suicidal would tell me Sofia the next day after exiting Olivia's house and I told her and Elisea what had happened.

The night in Dulce Maguey was nice. I really enjoyed myself. The conversation flowed. Most of us had a good time. Sofia took out Piccollo, the game I had played once in an old apartment with Karen's friends. This time a challenge appeared. Every time that I spoke, I had to give a compliment to Paty.

Months before, when we went to Aldo's party, I had been with her. I wanted to be close to her. I even told Monica about this "crush" I had. We talked for a while but then it just fade away as I realized she was not really interested. Or so I thought.

It all started clumsily and shyly. At first I avoid talking so I would not have to say anything. Then they started to come out naturally. By the end of the night, I even said them after the challenge had ended. Everyone was amused, and I even stopped caring if she were not comfortable. She didn't look uncomfortable, actually she seemed to enjoy them.

Just before she left we were actually flirting. But she left.

The next day was the Feminist gathering. I would see Sofia there and, after that, we would gather at Olly's with Eliseo for brunch. Instead of brunch, it was beers. Eliseo walked with me to the bus stop, and I shared with him that I'd be going to the psychiatrist that week. He was near his college, which was actually really close to his house. We should go eat before. It was a plan. And so we did.

One day, in the lab, Eduardo asked me what were my plans after the master. "You do have plans, don't you?" We've been working on the paper we will publish to accompany his grant proposal. I have actually been very busy. My own paper is still untouched and unmodified.

He said there was the option of going straight to the doctorate in UNAM. If I were interested we should be reviewing that options now. I was not really interested. For that I would need to graduate on time and by now I am completely convinced it won't be possible. I said nothing about the bachelors papers and just left it at that.

There were other options, too, and that's when he said that if they gave him the money he could hire post-docs, doctorate students or research assistants. Maybe he could hire me.

I was relieved, it was what I've always been waiting for, to someone to offer me a job. And just then I remembered Zayra inviting me to their field trip to San Quintin just to later not mention it again. Would this happen, too?

Almost a month has passed and there is no news about the money for my research visit. I hate this not knowing. In less than a week I'll have my meeting with the endocrinologist. I will have to ask him to postpone our next meeting, without even knowing if I'll actually go to Maryland.

In March I'll receive the results of Rome and probably about Seattle, too. Probably I'll get accepted for the former, but the latter I really doubt it.

Catherine still has her plans of going to NYC. Next year she wants to travel with Miguel. Most nights I just want to sleep and not wake up.

Eduardo's talk was the night before of the psychiatrist. I met with Eliseo outside his university and we ate burgers. We stopped a while in his house before I went to see the dr. I talked. I said things I really didn't want to. I confessed to the alcohol, the smoking and the drugs, but made no mention of my cutting. He prescribed me sertraline and clonazepam.

I woke up today shaking from the effects of mixing the latter with alcohol. A part of me wanted them to be worse. Something to happen. Maybe Sof and Mariana were right in being worried. Maybe I should delete Twitter.

The next day of my meeting with the dr, I met with Karen to leave my stuff at her house and she accompanied me here to meet the hosts and bring my luggage. We went to Perisur after to window shop, bought wings and watched a movie at her house.

Yesterday I went to the lab, there were two patients for MRI. I could not work in anything. Viviana had to leave and so I accompanied Brenda for the cognitive testing. All my morning went there. I ate with Said and Diego. I hear Said said something about me. "Sofia looks very" blank. I was paying and when I caught up with them I even asked "I what?", but my words went ignored. I said nothing more.

I was wearing the blouse of my birthday but instead of leggings, I had tights. The pseudo-dress was extremely short, just barely covering my butt on the right side. Maybe it was about that. Diego, on the other hand, since I got there, mentioned how I looked different. Maybe taller, but not that... "Well she's wearing heels", said Said. But it wasn't that either, I have worn them before. Later, when we were eating, they mentioned how Ale had been insinuating herself to me, but I said nothing. Didn't I like her? I said sure, but not that much to actually had done something. In truth, I was just nervous about her not being lesbian, or worse, her being one and me being rejected because of my condition. I disguised that feeling saying that, if she were to say something again I would totally reciprocate, but just once, nah. "You don't want to leave it that easy to her" said one of them. And then Diego added that he liked my attitude, I was really different.

I grabbed my mug of beer, and ironically said "thanks to stop drinking".

I was late to the event. I got off the wrong station and walked here. I left my stuff, applied some make up and then leave. I accidentally left the door open. Thankfully the dogs are trained and neither of them left the apartment. I hope nobody noticed but the guard that came looking.

The metro was slow and I almost ran to the museum. Everything turned out OK. All of us were just in the entrance waiting for our queue to give our speeches and deliver the awards.

I took off my sweater and hung it on my purse. I would not come up with them, so I put them on the handle of the door that never opened way in the back. I greeted most of the people there. Paty was the first one I looked, but nervously I just waved instead of kissing her in the cheek.

She went before me. I had helped her by message to write her speech, but she gave another one. I don't remember if I made a mention of it when she came back.

I went up, waited for Chris to give his and just read from the card that was given to me, before handing the mask to Geraldina. Later people would congratulate me on my participation, as if none had noticed I had half-assed it. Was it Demian or Edgar or Josue, the one who actually liked how I had appropriated the podium, reclining on it to read from the card as if I didn't give a damn.

I came back and went for my purse just where Paty were. I raised my arm for it and she mistook my gesture for a hug. I didn't explain anything but I think she noticed. We talked for a while. And then later for the rest of the evening.

The rest of the ceremony we were near the other door, close to each other. She reclined her head on my shoulder. I put my arm around her a couple of times. Most of the ceremony we spent it in that dance of getting closer and then pulling away for a bit.

I didn't want to seem that desperate or into her, so sometime I would just leave and went around greeting people. "You sometimes just left" "...but I always return to you, don't I?" I kept on with the game. Most noticed.

Once she even told me "Why don't you hug me anymore".

Was it all just a continuation of the game? Did I expect something out of it all? Sex is out of the question. Just as it were with Helena 5 years ago. Was I just hoping for a kiss. Those hugs and contact is, honestly, what I missed the most. And yet again, I kept hugging Edgar, Eliseo and others. Why doesn't it feel the same?

We were in the tables and she actually asked me for a picture, "For Instagram?" When I accepted, she replied "are you sure?" Why wouldn't I be?

When we were outside and kept on with the gestures, she finally confessed "No, only because they'd hit me. Were I single I would totally said yes, Sofi"

And just as easy as it began, it finished.

"Not even my ex talked to me that way", she had said before. Did she ever mention a partner? Had she done so, would I had stopped?

She left and I agreed going to the after-party. Sof later made mention of what happened but we didn't talk that much 'oh yeah, just recently she had said she weren't single anymore".

I left and came home.

Today I sent a message to everyone. Catherine replied as if all had went well with her. I made no mention of her tweets. I asked a follow-up question but it went ignored. Maybe she's working, maybe she just doesn't care.

I told Monica how I had given my injection and she said she was extremely proud of me. She seemed, off. Extremely cheerful in a suspicious way. She kept calling me sofi. By the end, she said she would leave the phone.

I sent a message to the barista of tinder, but didn't really expect an answer.

And another one to Sonny, the last lone survivor of my Tinder matches. A plan is being formed in there, but will it actually come to happen? We talk about a bottle of wine and how her Thursday seems kind of free. I have therapy that day, but after 5, I am game.

I got into Instagram and saw the picture that Paty posted in her stories. I reacted to it and she continued in the chatroom. "You did see it" "Well, of course".

I told her how I left my purse on Ivan's room but he went in with his guy. "I didn't know he had a boyfriend" "Neither did I... well his boyfriend of the night".

"And with whom did you hook up?"
"Nobody, you were my girl of the night."

## 2019-02-03

Will I try again to continue with this shit?

I guess I could mean it in different ways.

Yesterday I gave myself the shot. I told Monica. I sent different messages to all sorts of people. Most answered. Some conversations continued. But then, what?

Today I didn't want to wake up. I could had gone up, gotten ready and left for the group of Yaaj. I decided against it in the end. I thought maybe Pat would go. Probably she wouldn't but Sof would. Eliseo surely would be there. I could see him or them, talk to them. Have a good time.

I stayed in bed and didn't get up until after noon.

The question I sent to Catherine remained unanswered. A conversation about the superbowl appeared in the group of the university. She answered there. I wasn't angry. Months before I would had been. Was I disappointed? It's to be expected, I guess. Is it cruel? To have me look her up and intentionally ignore me. In the end I guess it is all my fault for playing the game.

I sent another message telling of my shot. No arguments, no complaints, just another message. It's unanswered, too. 10 minutes later she replied immediately to one of Paola in the group. Will I ever learn?

I decided against continuing any conversation with Pat. Nothing will came out of it. I really enjoyed the contact, the hugs and flirtation. But I was rejected in the end, sweetly but rejected nonetheless. She has someone. And that is totally fine.

I had two conversations in Tinder, but they will probably amount to nothing. One of them actually said her first intentions of the app were to get a third person for a threesome with her boyfriend. The other one doesn't seem that interested.

I started some plans to see Sonny Thursday. We talked about a bottle of wine and a chat. I was free after my therapy session around 5. Maybe it was around her location. Will it happen? Do I want it to happen?

I sent a message to Monica asking her if she were busy. Yesterday she seemed oddly nice, but ended the conversation abruptly. I wanted to tell her about what happened. I wanted to talk about the night in the museum, how I don't know if I am ready, and yet I enjoyed it like never before.

Instead we talked about the superbowl, before the conversation died.

I slept in the afternoon. I have lots of things to do, both of my own project and the things Eduardo asked me to do. I don't feel the energy to do any of them. I had thought about taking my laptop and going to that coffee place in Condesa after the group.

Thursday will be my appointment with the endocrinologist. It will be the first week of February and still there are no news about the funds for my trip to the NIH. I actually fear it will have to be cancelled. I won't be accepted to either Rome nor Seattle. My degree will still be trapped in bureaucracy and this whole semester will be a disaster.

Will I always be alone? "Were I single I would say yes, Sofi, totally yes"

I hate reading myself like this. I hate myself like this.

I could just go out to the kitchen for a glass of milk to take the drops of clonazepam and sleep again. I feel nervous about seeing the hosts. I haven't really talked to them since Thursday when I got here. I guess I am waiting for them to go to sleep so I could go outside. Why do I hide in my room? Why do I hide inside my head?

I should had gone out.

I should had done many things differently.

I want to drink. I feel like mixing alcohol and the medicine. Said warned me, when I told him I felt tired and sleepy. "Maybe you should order a coke". I ended up drinking two more glasses of wine in the evening and took the full dosage at night. A part of me wanted something to happen. A part of me wants something to happen.

Was it reckless to prescribe me benzodiazepines? I did deny having suicide ideation. Why did I lie?

Do I really want to die?

What the fuck do I really want? What am I waiting for? What do I expect from all of this?

Where am I going?

Where am I? Who am I?

## 2019-02-04

Another day. I don't feel like writing. Nothing much has happened since the last entry.

I feel this urge of contacting people, reaching out. But it's not like last time. It's not friends or fraternal intimacy I am looking for. Monica warned me, told me not to contact Pat again. "If she reaches out to you, don't play her games". I didn't listen. Of course I didn't.

I got out of bed with difficulty around 2 in the afternoon. Was there a message from Catherine or was it yesterday? I remember talking about the shot. She replied like an hour later that she didn't know if she dared herself, maybe if it were necessary. The conversation was short and cold. It hurt more than its absence.

It was yesterday. Today I saw a notification with her picture and name of it, except it wasn't to me. It was to the group. Was it really yesterday? Yeah. The same thing happened. I had send a message that she ignored and instead she replied to Paola's inquiry about the Candelaria's gathering. I then sent the other one and later she answered that. Today it was to follow up with the memes about the superbowl. I tried to ignore the messages but couldn't. I just didn't answer. Paola knows I need a space from all of them.

I answered back to some messages from the dating apps. To one I even asked out for coffee. When it came time to set up the date she backed up. With Sonny I left it open for Thursday, maybe tomorrow I'll ask to confirm. She'll probably back out, too.

Monica sent me a message this time. I don't remember the start, something about her having finished what she was doing. Then she continued herself saying how yesterday she had thought about me, when they were leaving Chula Vista Center and saw the sign of 5 Guys.

I went to 5 Guys the first time with Catherine. It's been years since I've gone there with her. All of the rest of times it was with my family. Some of the cashiers even remembered me. Monica prefers Fuddruckers. I have only gone there once, with Catherine and Anahi. "You ghosted her. And don't deny it... She was my friend first".

I was the one who continued the conversation with Pat. I saw the rest of the pictures of Friday that were just recently uploaded. There was one of her entering the podium to give her speech. I screencapped it and sent it to her. I know she doesn't have Facebook.

"You remembered" she said, before the conversation started. Were there more flirting? Now I don't have the plausible deniability of not knowing she's with someone, or unavailable. Now if I get hurt it will totally be my own fault.

Yesterday before I fell asleep I keep thinking about her getting closer to me around the door, and the feeling of her head on my shoulder. "Why aren't you hugging me anymore?"

Is that what I want from the girls I keep messaging in those other apps?

Aliza sent me a message asking if everything were the same with the research residency. There were no news on her part, were she expecting me to had sent a message asking for information or were she just wanting to talk with me? She knows I am a lesbian. "Your appearance on my twitter has been one of the best things that has happened to my feed in the last months (end of the statement)" Is she? Does she know I am transgender?

Doesn't everyone?

The day after tomorrow is Catherine's birthday. The last I thought about that was sending her an audio message. For a while I thought about a short video one, but maybe that is way too personal. I had tomorrow to decide.

The day after that I have my appointment with the endocrinologist. I will have to ask him to postpone our meeting to June. Even though I have no idea when will I end up going to Maryland. Or if I will.

Days keep passing by and I have not made any progress to my own paper. The manuscript should be finished and sent before March. There are other papers I need to fill and send, one to get the signature of Israel, ask Dardo and the NIH to sign other two letters with the updated dates, and the other deal with the scholarship.

The drops are helping, sure, but is there really that much of a difference?



## 2019-02-05

I told Monica I am taking sleeping meds. She was surprised at first. I thought I had mentioned I had made an appointment with the psychiatrist. I guess I did not. I did not mention the depression, and even just kind of passed over the anxiety. She's been a little different, more caring.

Today I received a message from Roxana, the girl from Tinder. I thought I would not hear from her again. She answered my question about the long weekend saying it was tired. Her response was dry and short. Maybe it will be the end of it. I playfully said I had thought she had forgotten about me or were taken by the po-po. I hope she gets the reference to the slang and doesn't think I was making an scatological joke. It really doesn't matter, I guess.

I was in the lab when I received a message from Sonny. She asked about Thursday. I, too, had thunk about asking her myself. We started drafting the plans after I left the office. I ate with Said. Eduardo told us, in confidence, how is now a sure thing he's leaving for Queretaro. We talked for a couple of minutes. Alehly, is that her name?, finally came to the office. She's starting now. After everybody left, she started chatting with me. She asked about Yaaj and complimented my hair. Does she know I am trans?

Catherine changed the picture in her whatsapp. It's her sitting on a trunk with a snowball on her hand ready to be thrown, snow on her red sweater and a fake smile drawn on her face. We haven't really talked lately. The last message she answered was superficial, and even before that I felt she wasn't telling the whole truth. I guess we are strangers now.

In twitter she's been posting now and then how things aren't going her way. She looks fatter. I see her pictures and feel both less attraction and a nostalgic longing of what used to be.

Tomorrow is her birthday. I recorded myself in my bed congratulating her. I looked at myself in the recording in loop. The video played at least 10 times before I stopped it. There is something in my eyes. They are sad and melancholic. She will notice. Will she care, though?

A part of me fears she will resent me doing that, as if it were some kind of stunt.

Was it?

I liked how I looked in the video. I am thinner. My face is softer. Even though my hair is tied up behind my head and I was misgendered in the supermarket, I saw myself feminine. I smile, I congratulate her and wish her the best, but my eyes don't lie. Maybe it's not that good of an idea.

Thursday I have my appointment with the endocrinologist. I will get my results of the blood lab. What if I am anemic or have problems with my kidneys or liver? I guess I'll know by then. I am thinner but that doesn't mean I am healthier. Should I mention my going to the psychiatrist?

Tomorrow I have to go to UNAM to meet with Israel and get his signature for the form of the fourth test. I had a meeting with Ruth at 10 to fix some errors in the databases. "Let's see what Sofia found NOW in the databases".
After that I guess I'll be leaving to meet with Israel. Then I am free until 6 to meet with Sonny. We will go to this pizza place. The date was supposed to be Thursday, but my appointment with Faust was at 5, not 4 in the afternoon. We changed it to tomorrow instead.

Am I nervous? Not really. I don't really find her that attractive in her pictures. Is it wrong? Maybe she doesn't even see it as a date. Maybe is Pat all over again.

Sof sent a message to the group of the women of yaaj. She wanted to do a gathering in her house Saturday since we never really do the Candelaria's tamales. I was the first to agree. She jokingly said that it was perfect since I was the one who was supposed to bring the food. I was also that person in the gathering of the group in Tijuana. They will mix the occasions with Catherine's party for her birthday. Just as the King's cake and my birthday were mixed. Although my birthday part was kind of forgotten.

I made some stupid comment after Pat said something. Sof said she was enjoying seeing that. Was she there when Paty declared she was with someone? "Were I single I would say yes, totally yes, Sofi". I told her in the after-party. Nobody replied to my comment saying I would behave. The conversation went elsewhere. I hope the gathering does take place. I would really like seeing them. I would really like seeing her again.

Ana sent me a message yesterday. I remember fantasizing being invited to give a conference in my faculty and she did just that. Some students of her are organizing this sort of encounter for LGBT people and she told them about me and what I am doing her in the city. She was wondering if they could contact me to agree to a conference or a workshop.

I have to know what will happen with my research residence for that.

Angel said that all of the research visits were approved, including mine. Maybe I won't need to send the solicitation again with a month of anticipation. I should inquire about that. Soon.

## 2019-02-10

I've been grown accustomed to not do the words. Is it the tiredness? The medication, maybe? I didn't take neither my hormones nor the psych meds yesterday. I didn't sleep here last night. Lots of things have happened this past week. Wednesday was Catherine's birthday. I sent her a video message congratulating her and giving her my best wishes. I don't know for how long it remained unseen, but she didn't answer it until the next evening. She did send a message the next morning to the group of the gang about her party. I was really angry at her, as if she owed it to me to respond. When she finally did, it wasn't enough. I guess the issues are all on my end .

Wednesday was also the day of my first date. I went out with Sonny, I waited for her by the pizzas and chatted for all of the afternoon. It was nice, I had fun, but there was something that made me feel uneasy. It was Catherine's birthday and I never could not stop thinking about that. Did I wanted her to know in some way, in any way, that I was on a date? That I was seeing someone? That distracted me from being there with Son, and it made me feel guilty. I talked about it the next day on my session with Faust.

In the morning I went to the endocrinologist. There is still a shortage of medication, so he didn't prescribe me the estrogen pills. He offered me to give me a prescription for a month and then refill it. But I said I would, hopefully, not be in the country by then. Luckily I have a stock of two months of those pills.

When I mentioned about my date to Faust, I started crying. I didn't really know why. By the end of the session, when he asked if there was anything else I would want to talk about, I mentioned how the day before was Catherine's birthday. He made notice of how it remained unsaid until the very end and asked me if I wanted to continue it. I said no and the session ended.

That night I took the first complete pill of the antidepressant. The next morning I sent a message to Eduardo telling him I had a migraine and would not go to the lab. He was nice about it and just wished me to get well. I was just too much depressed to get out of bed. I stayed until the afternoon, with just enough time to get ready for the meeting of Yaaj.

I didn't expect Paty to be there. I had thunk I would see her the next day, Saturday, at Sof's house for the gathering. At first she stayed next to me, but then Bertha asked me to switch places. Even though later I would move closer, we didn't talk much. I sat next to Sof in the red couch. The meeting went as planned and the four of us, Emiliano, Eliseo, Sof and me went to dinner. We ate Arepas, venezuelan food.

Emiliano will have a farewell/birthday party next Friday. The theme is Asia. We agreed to go out Sunday, today, to look for our outfits in Chinese downtown. I ordered an uber before they went to their party of Colmex.

In those days I orchestrated another date with Sonny. Saturday's meeting was cancelled, so the idea of going out for breakfast came up. By the end we agreed to meet in the Comedor Lucerna. The place Francisco had talked about near his house. We went there for lunch around 2pm. We ordered a burger and a couple of beers. At first it was just like the first time. Conversation and just mild flirting. After the second beer I was already buzzed. The place was packed so we moved to a different place, one just of beer. We ordered two more each.

I kept teasing how she wanted to get me drunk and she pretended to order more. By then I already started stroking her leg with mine under the table. At one point I felt her move herself closer. When I parted my leg a little she said "Don't put it away, it feels really nice"

She had a gathering of her office and I had mine at Sof's. I walked her to the metro. I hugged her when she started trembling. Inside the wagon, when we sat, I put my legs between hers. For a moment she moved her hand from her own knee to mine. Not much later she put it away. We changed lines and I was just next to her, with my hand on the bar behind her lower back. I wanted to kiss her. I thought I would when we would say good-bye. I didn't. I did not dare. I don't really know why. She just left. She sent me a message asking about if I had gotten there a little later.

I walked to Sofia's. A man, just a couple of blocks before arriving, started talking to me. He said how he noticed this other man looking at me weirdly, getting closer and then further away. He offered to walk with me, and asked me to be more aware. I had forgotten about that.

When I got to the building, there were only men and Sof. Emiliano, Eliseo, Misael and Diego. When the friends of Sof of the parlament arrived, at first there were two separate groups of parties. One of women and one of men. I was in the wrong one, I guess.

Later things went smoother. I kept seeing Jessica's IG stories about the night in Tijuana at Catherine's. I really liked the skirt she was wearing. She looked nice. I missed her and felt this bothering nostalgia and melancholy. I tried not to get too much distracted by it. I had another date, I had had a really good time. I was having a good time. There was no point in thinking about any of them. I still look for a stranger at Catherine's party by her side. Not finding one wasn't as relieving as I would had thunk.

I had thunk that would be the end of the night, having my date, the grazing of the idea of a kiss. I ended kissing more people then than I had in my whole life. I kissed Eliseo, Emiliano, Ytza, and Sofia.

We played never have I ever. And surprisingly I had done something not a single person had done. I talked about the time I had sex with Monica at the movies. The time we literally lied down on the seats and didn't watch the complete second half of the movie. Like water for elephants. Something like that.
We played then "Dare" like truth or dare, but without the truths. First they asked me to kiss the person which I wanted the most. I kissed Ytzel. It was a couple of seconds. The first kiss I have had in a year. I would had thought it would be with my date. Then they dared me to kiss two people at the same time. I kiss her again with Sof. The third time, it was 7 minutes in heaven, we went to the bathroom with the lights off and kissed again. The three of us. It's the closer I've gotten to a threesome. I liked it. I really did.

After that, nothing. Sof and her really hit it off. They slept together and then shared tweets about liking each other. For a little while I felt disappointed and rejected. As if it cancelled out all of what I had enjoyed. Maybe that's what Catherine had said about not being able to be in a threesome. She would feel left out. I was just an accessory to their making out. Except it wasn't. Both kissed me and I kissed them both. And by the end, the only thing that matters is that, in the moment, I really enjoyed it.

This morning, Eli and I went to bellas artes. We had breakfast and then looked around the festival of the new year's in chinese downtown. I found the dress. I sent a message to Monica, to Pat and to Son. All of them answered. Pat's conversation died pretty quickly with obvious reasons. Monica, at first, was excited about what had happened, and then disappointed I had drunk and then judgemental about it. By the end, she ended up supportive again. Son's conversation just keeps going. We are talking right now.

There are conversations in Bumble and Tinder. I know I could set up a date with at least two women in those apps, and yet I don't feel like it. Not now. Do I want to see Son again? Why do I keep thinking of asking her out? I am a little nervous about being seen to eager. We just saw each other yesterday. We played in our first date how we would see 8 months later, and the second how fast time had passed.

I did find her attractive this second time. I do find her attractive, do I?

The other girls in the other apps are more conventionally pretty. Why am I ignoring them? Why do I keep thinking about Catherine and her stupid skirt?

