# 2022 — 29 years old

## February, 2022

### Wednesday, February 2nd, 2022
I can't think of a quote today.
No, I was blocked.
There's the perfect one that my subconscious must be trying to hide from me.

_Yesterday I wore a skirt in the middle of winter and I felt so proud,
I got this urge to tell you. Wasn't sure if I should._

That's the potentially last message.
I don't know what would be worse, if it ends up being the case, or if it won't.

Two days ago I went to my therapy session.
Calli didn't give me the impression that she believes I had a manic episode.
We talked about Kate, how she wasn't valuing the feelings I have towards her.
I cried, a lot, but it wasn't necessarily after that intervention or
even because of Kate.
It had to do with the way I am feeling about myself.
It's like my emotions are the ones in control of me.

I despise not being in control.

I wore a skirt—the brown one that my grandma made for me.
I took a picture to share it as a story.
I wanted to send it to her.
No, that's not true;
I certainly didn't want to send her anything, but I did want her to see it.

As I was talking with Calli about not trusting people's good impressions about me,
she offered me a compliment out of our framing.
She told me how, as soon as I got in,
the first thought that got to her head was that she wanted to tell me how my
hair looked fabulous;
how the way I had particularly styled it that day was so pretty and beautiful.
I smiled.
I believed her.
I welcomed her thought.

That was Monday, the first day that I didn't write in here.

I didn't send the message then.

That night I cooked with Alda.
We made the chorizo burgers and watched a show in Crave.
_Yellowjacket._

I posted a story in Instagram about our night together.
I wanted to appear as of be having a life.
That morning Kate had posted one herself—no, she re-shared one of her
roommate where she was playing with his cat.
She was wearing sweatpants and long socks with sandals;
her hair to her waist brushing her brown sweater.
She ran towards the cat threatening to catch her.
And then, in her accent, she told her that she'd go home.
She threw a last look towards the room and the video cut.

I watched it easily 20 times.
And with every time she'd look into the room as if she were glancing at me
I hated myself a little bit more.

Yesterday I posted an image I stole from Irene,
the girl who started the whole Twitter Fiasco with Yaaj.
The picture was of a taped box with the words Damaged Bottom written in marker.
I posted it on Instagram with a different caption: _My Tinder Profile._

Yomar laughed at it.
Then, Vicky.
She reacted and I lied telling her that I had forgotten that she follows me.
She told me not to be embarrassed and that it was hilarious.
_She was laughing with me_, she assured me.
Finally, Antonija laughed in all caps, as if she were excited.

Just recently I told Monica how I suspect she might be bi.
She's in a long-term relationship with a boyfriend,
so would it even matter if she is?
Of course it does.
What am I saying?
That'd make her queer, like me.

I keep thinking back to Vicky and Kate.
Wasn't what I wanted with Vicky a platonic friendship?
Wasn't I regretting that after being rejected by Kate I would lose, then again,
the contact of another queer person with similar experiences to mine?
Then why am I discarding those exact things of Antonija just because she's not
sexually available?

Last night was when I send the message.
I took a screenshot and then deleted the conversation before she read it.
I have no way of knowing if she has read it,
other than sending her another message and waiting her to see that one.
Was that the reason why I deleted the conversation?
No, it was to force me to not gain anything from opening it again.

But I keep doing it.

I woke up today and saw she had posted several stories in the early morning.
The first one was another one of her roommate's.
She was studying Arabic;
writing on a notebook or sheets of paper in front of a laptop.
Then some of her usual ones, and lastly three pictures of her cat.
They were posted around 2h or 3h.
Hours after my message, so she must have read it.
The text over her roommate's story read:
_at this point Hany and I only use Instagram to document each other's daily
lives and Leïla's life ofc._

Was she writing it for me again?
Why would she?
I believed she wasn't really paying attention to my stories yet she mentioned
them in her—only—reply.

I took a video today for a story.
I liked how I look in it.
I've seen it several times and know that if I were someone else,
I'd feel attracted to me.

When I went to see if she had seen it, Paty was the first and only viewer.
I posted that with a caption saying
_my crush giving me the attention I've been begging for._

I specifically wanted her to see that one, too.
I spent all day looking if she had seen them,
or when was the last time she had been online.

It gave me the idea to propose to Alda do some sort of _dignity jar_.
Like a swear jar, but, instead of putting money every time we cuss,
we would for every time that we reach out to the people we've been obsessing
over.

We didn't find a piggy bank in Dollarama.
We didn't come empty handed, though, I got Nico's tuna cans, some hangers,
and sponges;
I deposited Nico's share of the rent and,
by then, Kate had both seen the stories and, still, not written anything.

### Thursday, February 3rd, 2022
I was looking at old pictures and I kept thinking:
_Mmmhm, I would totally make out with young me._
The real question is, though... _Would he find me attractive?_

"Moni, do you ever think I'm pathetic?"

I deleted the question less than a minute after I sent it.
She came online not much after.

I cooked the bowl of rice and sausages with two fried eggs and ate in my room.
I was watching an episode in Netflix about something—which is still
unfinished—and then I sent her something else.
What was it?

Right; I had to go check in my phone.
It was about that picture.

Earlier today Kate posted a bunch of stories about her office.
I recognized the building that was seen outside the window.
She was so close.
In one of them she showed the picture of the pride flag.
I reacted to her story with a fire emoji.
I think the main reason behind that was to see if she'd see it.

She did.
I deleted the conversation again.

We put the dignity jar in the living room now.
Yesterday, Alda and I went to buy it but didn't find a piggy bank.

The prices are there.
From this morning until now, I've put close to 10 CAD.
I wanted to post a story about it;
let her know that I regret my behavior,
that I know I've done wrong by violating her boundaries.

That story alone would cost me 5 CAD, and I still wanted to post it.

Alda told me not to, it'd be embarrassing. She was right.

I saw another image of a Valentine's candy with the words
_I'll ghost you and then watch your Instagram stories for years_
posing in a profile picture of tinder.
That was another image that I considered posting even though it would cost me
more than just the 5 CAD.

I felt lonely and embarrassed, so I went to Snapchat and took a nude video to
send that girl.
In there, I noticed a filter that made my eyes rounder and my cheeks fuller.

I felt like that other time years ago when I played with the feminizing AI
that supposedly changes your gender.
The face was almost the same except for a very subtle details.
This time, looking at the picture, you can barely notice that it is altered.
That was the thing I sent to Monica hours after my vulnerable question.

Instead of replying about the picture that I would later share as a story—which
Kate saw quickly enough that I didn't have to pay more than 50 cents to know
that information—she asked me what I had asked her.

I told her the truth;
_a question that I later regretted and didn't want an answer to._

She asked me why would I want fuller cheeks when women want them slimmer.
That led us to talk about her friend unto which I had a crush,
and then our time in high school, and pictures of us then.

I saw the pictures of me and Helena.
I think of it how we did go out several times.
We stayed together that day when we explored Portugal with Polo.
Was it the same day that we went to Braga,
when we walked the streets of the city on our own?
Was that the same night that we danced and kissed?
The night that she took me out of the club to tell me how,
even though I was a nice guy, she just wanted to dance.

I met her later at that picnic by the river.
That was the picture I saw, where we were seating next to each other.
Then, finally, we went into the cathedral of Salamanca.
I just found that picture.

I feel the urge again to reach out to her.
She's married, she has a family now.

Why do want to do this?
Is it that I want to ask her about the journal?
That would be such a stupid thing yet just imagining having a response fills
me with excitement.

I told Anahí that I'm considering posting the story with the old picture of me.

It'd mean that I would no longer be living stealthily.
Alda, Armando and Jose Luis would know.
Vicky would know, too.
Antonija as well.
Kate surely does now, but she'd see that old me;
she'd no longer be attracted to me —if somehow she still is.

Everyone from Mexico City would get to see the image that I left behind.
Why do I want to do this?

Because,
just like the excitement I get when I think about getting a reply from Helena,
imagining this makes me feel both lighter and free.

### Friday, February 4th, 2022
"Entonces qué, ¿quieres ser mi catadora platónica de nudes?"

Having the change in coins so easily available is not doing wonders for my
purpose of actually stopping looking her up.
It has stopped me.

I sent the picture of the jar and the fines to Monica and she reacted in a
way that surprised me.
She just posted two words, _love it_,
instead of the normal reaction of ignoring my messages when I aboard a
subject that she doesn't really want to touch.
Like when, moments later, I explained to her precisely how this jar has
stopped me from posting the text about reacting to stories and the cartoon of
the Valentine's candy.

I didn't want to get out of bed this morning.
It's not that I am tired,
but I don't find a reason good enough to actually start my day.

I should have one.

It's not healthy how, now that I think of it,
I deposit unto other people my daily drive.

I was just talking with Monica last night about, when I was in
High School, I would go every morning to sit on that bench—_la banquita de
la soledad_—to play my odds and wait if I would see her pass by.

Then, in college, I would wait to talk to Catherine in our cars or keep
chatting until the early morning with our phones.

I've never been really alone.

After my childhood I started being with Monica.
We never really stopped, even after I started seeing Catherine.
There was that messy period of time when I was with both of them and neither.
I transitioned and kept Catherine by my side.
She was my girlfriend even well into the times when she wasn't anymore.
Las Vegas in July.

Six months of being single before I met Sonny—to whom I actually just sent a
picture of my breasts—with whom I almost had sex a couple of months ago.

We broke up last year.
Only one year other than those six months have I been single in my whole adult
life.

I've been an adult for more than a decade;
I've been an adult way more than I've been Sofía.

Being alone should do me fine.

In our social meeting Anka called me out for being silent.
Was she noticing that I had just left my phone on the table?
No, I always make sure that its presence is ambiguous in the webcam's view.

She said how she doesn't know anything about me:
how's my life, how I've been doing, living here.
It would be fun to right then and there blurt out
_well, I used to be a dude, and now I am a depressed sexy woman._

Vicky was talking about her cats.
I remember another meeting watching her talk,
there was something in the cadence of her words that annoyed me.

Why?
Why do I even care?
Do I want to be friends with her because I like her?

I kept thinking about her with my urge to posting that old picture of me.
Her and Antonija and Kate.
The three of them look similar in my mind.
They're supposed to be at three different levels of interest to me.
One is my friend—with friend in very interesting quotes—with whom I shared a
room for one week, the other is my labmate with whom I share a sort of queerness,
and the last one is the girl who, up until a certain point,
I shared a mutual attraction—did I?—and spent two dates and two kisses together.

One kiss for every meeting.

_I'll give you another one before you go_,
were those the words she said when we were centimeters away from each other?

I was just thinking how peculiar it would be if those had
been her last words spoken to me, but they weren't.
When she took the metro,
he looked at me still flustered and mumbled about how she was going to text me.

And now she doesn't.

She keeps seeing my Instagram stories, though.

I went out for a walk to buy some alcohol and chips.
I took my camera with me.
This time I did use it.

I posted two pictures in my profile,
two of the same view but with different focus points.
I have another draft with another three to post later in the weekend.

Will Kate like them?
Will she just keep seeing my stories without reaching out like those images I
didn't post.

I guess that would be better than being blocked.
But if that's the case, it won't last long.
It will, eventually, get to the point that I will reach out and get blocked or
get sick and unfollow her completely.

### Saturday, February 5th, 2022
"Está claro que estás en un carrusel del que no te sabes bajar.
Pero ya estás cansada, harta, dolida de ti misma,
entonces creo que pronto te vas a bajar.
.O te vas a aventar.
Y te va a doler la caída y vas a estar mareada un buen rato.
El tiempo que se requiera.
Pero vas a salir."

I don't remember if I looked for her after posting the cooking stories.
I must have, but I don't recall it.

Alda and I finished the show we were watching.
I didn't smoke again, I was a bit drunk.
It would be better if I keep a better tally of the times that I should put
money in the jar.

I posted two stories today even though I woke up with the intention of not
posting anything.
I posted the pictures as well.
They got even less attention than the ones from yesterday.
Do I care, really?
Even Vicky liked one of those posts and I felt nothing.
I am fixated on why Kate stopped liking my posts—and me.

I do know.
I came too strong, too desperate.
_Manic dependance_ was what that Youtube video said.
It's not like I showed signs of it, I'm literally experiencing it right now.

I feel sad about the loss of something that never got to happen.
Is this masculine?
Does this have anything to do with the socialization about thinking that I
deserve whatever I want?
The false belief that I am a protagonist.

I follow fewer than 300 people on Instagram.
I don't see everyone's stories.
I watch all of hers.
She's seen all of mine.
She follows five times the number of people I do.

_Will ghost you but watch your Instagram stories for years._

I got distracted with Anahí's messages in Instagram.
Paty also replied now to the comment I left in her story.

I've been considering posting a picture of me in the old days.
Let the secret that's been haunting me for so long in the open.
Invite chaos to reign over me.
Things with Kate will never come back in any case, this way...

No, this doesn't have anything to do with her, does it?
How would I feel if I post it and this is the story that she doesn't see?
Maybe this does have a bit to do with her.

She watched the one of the turkey stuffing.
I posted another one after.
It was a picture from yesternight,
with a small caption at the bottom stating that I was going to post something
that I'd immediately regret, so, instead there was a picture of me.
Anahí replied to it, telling me that I didn't want to pay more for it.

I sent her the draft of me with short hair in Argana.
We talked about it and I told her how I have this temptation to post it.

I don't know what I am expecting from it.
I am fishing for responses, that I know.
I want attention and I need it badly.

But what sort of reactions?
I told Anahi that I might get some kind of _Who's that?_.
I imagined Alda asking me that.
I even thought about responding: _Male Sofia_, or even _me, if I were a guy_.
I could get just surprises, both from knowing now that I am trans—maybe Armando?—,
or from finally seeing how I looked before—that'd be Eliseo or Paty.

Where would Vicky fit in there?
Antonija?
Would Kate respond at all?
I don't think so.

After posting that, I don't think I would be able to reach out.
Nothing would be any different, really,
but there is something deep inside that I cannot explain that just tells me that
I'd be forfeiting that option for ever.

Do I even have it anymore?

I've kept thinking about it.
Asking for clarifications, _I'll never get to go to the cat café, ain't I?_, or...

Even here, I am getting sick of having the same thoughts over and over.

I had two matches in Tinder.
I sent a message that also went unreplied.
With the other one I didn't bother.

I got a response, though.
I wasn't really expecting that.
I had asked the woman what was the last song that was stuck in hear head.
She replied with something that I, honestly, have no idea what it means.

I'll probably just ignore it.
I guess the matches and that response mean that there's nothing wrong with Tinder,
it's just me.

Just now I thought about removing the trans flag from my profile.

Wouldn't that be going back to that same issue of before?
I'd have to tell them before the first date anyway.
It'll hurt seeing them go away,
realizing that they were interested beforehand and that small detail of who I
am is what drove them away.

Right now, at this exact moment,
I'll possibly both delete the subtle mention of my dating profile that I am trans
and I'll also post an image of how I looked when I lived as a guy.

### Sunday, February 6th, 2022
_I fall in love so easily because half of the relationship is in my head._

I did both things and, just like I had suspected—worried?—, nothing special happened.

The number of people that have liked me in the app is still the same.
No new matches in there—I had one,
I think, on the other one, but I will just let it die out.

After posting the picture of _him_, I kept checking the viewers religiously.
At first, only people that knew him and saw him saw the story.
Then Kate showed up in that list.
Then little by little it started getting more viewers,
but by then I had stopped checking it.

I saw Carolina's text last night telling me how she had a crush on him.
I knew it when it happened.
I didn't mention about me having one on her for a brief period of time in high school.
It wasn't sincere,
even at that moment I was aware that it came mostly from a pathological need to
experience a _normal_ relationship.

This morning, I looked at my phone and saw a text from Yomar.
He also had a crush on me when I was a him.
His text was sweeter—even though he plagued it with most of the buzzwords
cis people love using.

Anahí and Alex both encouraged me.
I considered writing Alex another e-mail,
I owe them the story about my first urge to kiss a man.

Almost all of the people I fantasized about seeing it have seen it by now.
The only person who's not aware of my looks that reacted was Francisco.
Francisco reacted with a surprised face.
I replied to him saying that he was the first one.
He asked me if he was my brother.
He knows I am trans and yet he still thought that he was my brother.
Is that the validation I was looking for?

I considered posting another one,
but it would only be more indirect messages instead of doing what I actually want.
What is it that I want, though?

I started this day's log with a quote from Euphoria,
it's from Jules' session with her therapist.
I thought I could talk about the need I keep having about posting meaningless
stories in Instagram and looking for Kate in the viewers.

As I was telling Alda, I don't really understand why do I do it.
Is it knowing she saw them?
But, why?
Why does it matter?
I posted about my arrival to Canada and she still didn't know it.
I am not on her mind; not even close to the amount she's in mine.

What is it that I hate about that?
Is it the amount of time that I spend thinking about her or that it is
incomparable to the time I must spend on hers?

I sent the message to Helena and it'll probably go ignored.
Can I really blame her?

I don't even know if she's fine with trans issues.
Why do I keep begging for attention?
For someone who surely was so proud of how well she could deal with loneliness,
I am struggling a lot with isolation these months.

I really don't feel about talking more about Kate.
I wish I could see her, but it's not that.
I wish I could touch her and kiss her.
If I were to see her again in a purely fraternal way,
I would be disappointed.

I had the opportunity to hook-up with someone else and I didn't pursue it.
It's not just sex that I want.

But, I let myself go too far and that bridge is unstable, probably burnt.

If she ever does think about me or talk with other people about that girl she met once,
she would end the stories stating how I was too eager and needy.
I reminded her how she's not in a mental space to be in a serious relationship.
My actions were what made her sure that we were not compatible.

Me wanting her was what ultimately caused me not getting her.

Every day I keep writing how I'm getting sick of having this same conversation
over and over, and I keep coming back to it.

In my e-mail to Monica I wrote her how last night Alda came to tell me about
her night with Karina and Flor.
They mentioned me, the latter is excited to meet me.
Maybe next week we'll paint.

I ordered myself some pizza.
I don't feel like cooking or doing anything.

### Monday, February 7th, 2022
"lol give it a month; on 7th of march;
you can send her a _fuckboi_ message for free"

I'm sitting in front of Alda.
She's staring at her computer.
We're both working; we had talked about coming to the living room and do
something productive together in way that'd make us feel pressured to actually work.

It has worked.
We even took some Adderall, mixed it together with a relaxant and some weed.
_I feel like we're mixing our uppers with our downers_, I joked with her.
I think it's not necessarily a perfect fix as I've noted how I tend to overfocus
on some ideas or on activities that have nothing to do with my current task.
Is this what having ADHD feels like?

Even having the line of thought from my last paragraph in my head is almost impossible.
I keep glancing at my phone.
I haven't posted any story today and it feels weird having nothing to open up and check.

I do have something.
Last night at around 1h I saw she was online.
She had just posted a story.
The previous night she put up a video taken by her roommate where she lays
her hand on his forehead will carefully, with the other hand, she's painting his eyes.
In this one, she shares another story from his with a picture of her upper
right eye posing with some colorful little packing peanuts.
I send her a comment.
She saw it in the morning, but didn't acknowledge it.
That time in December when I commented similarly in a picture of her wearing a blazer she said thanks.
Perhaps it's right what Alda said and she's not answering back on purpose.

Why would she keep following me then?

I feel like I'm seeing one of those guys that keep insisting on women.
_Why doesn't she blocks me then if I'm not bothering her._ Ugh.

What mixed signals are these?
There is nothing she's doing to make me think that she wants me to pursue her.
Why is it that I can't see the obvious?

I had the urge to enlist the sides of each one of our latest interactions,
but it was a moving impulse towards an amputated finger.
I don't want to see it.
Because it's painful how pathetic it is.

A comment on that picture.
The reaction towards the gay flag—these are not painful yet.
A shy mention of my urge to share with her that I had worn a skirt in
the cold—this one starts to sting.
The, barely, more level-headed apology to my manic dependent texts of the night
before in which I tell her that I will wait for her to reach out.
The desperate manic-induced attempt of an apology that tended heavily towards
overexplanation.
Then hers—finally—; a calm and nice explanation that,
while she wasn't ghosting me, she did feel pressured by my indirects,
a sincere apology for any caused negative emotions,
and a subtle hint that our casual, non-exclusive, non-serious thing would not work out.
Me again with a straight-to-the-point questioning of whether she's actively
ignoring me—if it would have started and ended with this,
it wouldn't have been so bad; I guess this is where I fucked it up.
A comment following up on her stories saying that I—creepily—might follow his
roommate—typing this, I imagined her disgusted reaction to herself
after glancing at the notification;
which could also explain why she's still checking my stories.
Her explanation to my question about her deleted stories.
The ignored question in Whatsapp about the blanket my mum made.
My triple-texting—which I didn't save, but, when I read from memory,
I feel its the source of the stench of masculinity that has impregnated all
this recounting.
Whenever I talked about flirty messages to pressure her into replying.

Before all that, the conversation was normal but a bit slower than before.

I'm now really considering removing her as a follower,
but it would just be another entry into the already long list about how
my maleness makes me be annoyed by her boundaries.

I guess the shame of seeing her actively living her daily life without any
interest in me in it is a price fair enough to pay for the crime of being this
pathetic.

It hurts the most that I came back to write this after finishing with the
750 words; after I had lifted my hands from the keyboard when I reached my goal.

Because I wanted to explain why;
even to myself, I want to go through the embarrassing list of every possible
reason that would make me think this could work.
And why is it, then?
I want to ask myself in curious wonder.
Because she's seeing the messages this time,
unlike that first silence in Whatsapp.
Which only argues that her active silence is better than her passive one.
It is better just because I am in her mind when she takes the choice of not
replying.
But it also loses all its value after stating how I am in her attention
(which counteracts the next —and only?— argument about seeing all of my stories)
exactly because of how disgusting and creepy I am being.

Now it feels even worse sharing my pre-transition picture online fishing for
a comment or reaction.
It was just the gift of having an image to attribute to the masculine energy
that stunk my interactions.

### Tuesday, February 8th, 2022
"Tienes un corazón enorme, no lo quieras esconder."

I haven't posted any Instagram story since the male picture of me
or the short-lived animal videos after.

Today Antonija posted a close-friends-restricted story with a drawing of a cat
reading a pussy cats magazine.
I reacted with a laughing emoticon.
She didn't reply anything.
That should be meaningless yet I think back to that picture.
Was she ignoring me now?

I felt dirty, repulsed.
As if I had just caught a sniff of my own pestilence.
She saw my own maleness and was disgusted, maybe she felt deceived.
She shared a room with me for two weeks.

I hope it wasn't that.

After I went to the kitchen to brew my coffee,
Alda proposed me to do again the collaborative working in the living room.

We got high way too early.
I haven't found the precise combination of weed and Adderall that would
give me the more productivity results.

I got Monica's email.
She described Karina, Flor and Alda's invitation to join them as me being
adopted into their little group.
For once, as I told her, I didn't feel envious of her—or anyone's,
really—closeness with other people compared to mine.
We spent together more than a hundred dollars in magazines.

She's rolling right now.
It's the middle of her shift.
She still has two more hours to go.

Was it really just yesterday when I replied to Kate's story?
It feels so long ago.
Is this part of the reason that I am so insisting and annoying,
that times feels different to me?
Am I going at a different speed than the rest of the world?

For a brief second, I imagined a scenario where she could reply back.
Would she have the personality to return the question and ask me if I'm the
one who went away?
Not really. Besides she wouldn't even notice my lack of posts.

I stood up to refill my glass of water before I physically did.
I saw my body still sitting with its hands over the keyboard and the black
serif-ed words on a bright screen.
I read the last paragraph and it was pathetic.
I can't wait until I pass this phase.

I am not even halfway done for today.
Vicky sent me a message on teams asking me about the account for Qrater.
I replied back and then nothing happened.
She did see it and answer, the interaction was normal.
Nothing special happened, I should had clarified.

Yesterday I was chatting with some girl from Tinder.
She's a pre-K educator.
I sent the last messages.
Has the conversation reached the end of its life?
I wanted to write how I didn't remember her name anymore.
_Sam_.

Will there come a point when I'll forget Flore's name?

I remember Stephany's.
I could recall Helena's last name a decade late,
as I wrote in the message that she possibly has already ignored.

Why do I remember these kind of facts?
Why wouldn't I want to?

When I started drinking, I actually drank with the purpose to forget.
In Spain, I wanted to mute the urges; the need to be a woman,
the emotions that overwhelmed me.
I kept them to a whisper for months.

What did I want to shut up when I drank before class?
What do I want to kill right now that I am thinking about how instead of water
I should have had some vodka.

I started a series the other day _The Flight Attendant_.
It made me uncomfortable the same way that _The Woman on the Train_ did.
Do I have an alcohol problem?
I thought about making a reference to my drugs use in my latest email but
I didn't dare to.

I still haven't written Alex's.

I talked with Sonny about telling her the rest of Monica's and Catherine's story.
I could write about it.
My 21st birthday... even before that.
Childhood stories as snipets.
I could tell all of my backstory as vignettes in network of notes.
As detailed and beautiful and painful as they can be.
The book, mémoire, or whatever it ends up being birthed can take form later.
Nobody has to read it.
It's my present to the world that was not asked nor wanted and will not be welcome.

I should have taken my old journals with me.

In a recent email, I was annoyed that I only seemed to write about failed
romances or being trans.
And here I am closing today with the fantasy of writing
_a fucking book_ about precisely that shit.

### Wednesday, February 9th, 2022
I'm writing this on my phone.
I considered texting Alda and telling her what just happened with the comment:
_it stopped being funny at all and it is just sad._

I feel like crying.
I didn't want to do it.
I didn't have anything to gain from it; I knew it and I still couldn't avoid it.
A strange pull moved me.
It's like if a writer had decided beforehand how the plot should develop
even if it goes against my internal motivations and inner desires.
It feels so unfair.
Why do I have to deal with this humiliation when it's caused by something
other than my own free will?

Why did I send another word?
This time I controlled myself after and didn't make it worse.
But lower than 0 is still nothing.

I'm in bed after returning from the living room with Alda.
I clicked on her profile and saw her stories.
They were her roommate's; two TikToks as parts of a whole.
They were together grabbing and holding two kinder chocolate boxes.
In his video, he was thankful for a sweet December with her.
She appeared several times pondering something and wearing different outfits
in front of the boxes.
I recognized them as being from different days.
I remembered her picture from Christmas wearing her red dress,
it was a story I replied to before she wished me a Merry Christmas.
Then, later, I saw her orange sweater over a rainbow shirt;
the same sweater she wears in the memories of our kiss.

It wasn't enough to recognize it.
I somehow got the foreign and irrational need to share it with her.
Like a teacher's pet looking up for recognition.
_Look what I accomplished, notice how important to me is your approval_.

I didn't even mention that—thank god.
Instead, I only complimented her stories as an introduction.
I sent yet another fucking message after she broke her silence to tell me
how too many messages made her anxious.
Over and over I keep breaking her boundaries and her explicit wish to be left
alone.

Now it's not just me pretending to be confused,
I'm literally refusing to see the clear request to stop.

I'm so fucking ashamed of myself.

"Fuck her for not replying.
Don't give [her] any more satisfaction [...]
Write you're welcome after." Alda suggested.

She saw it almost immediately.
I can't wonder what I was expecting,
because I am aware that I wasn't expecting anything at all.

I woke up filled with shame.

I grabbed my phone and saw a 14 over the HER logo.
I had a new match and several messages:

"Holly... hellooo cutie. Oh wow.
Hi cutie back.
My [god].
You have such beautiful hair.
My god, sorry so stunned lol."

"Hey, just woke up to this.
What a great way to start the day.
And exactly the time when my self-esteem needed it the most.
Thanks!" I replied to her.

"The good news is that sometimes I even let people touch it.
The bad news is that I just cut it recently.
I mean, I'm not bald now or anything, but it's way shorter."

She hasn't replied.
Maybe she won't.

I saw her pictures and looked for defects that would make me lose interest.
I saw her brown eyes, but that wasn't it.
Her hair was dyed, but it looked pretty.
In her third picture, I saw her body from behind and she wasn't thinner than me.
Was that what made it?
Am I this shallow?
Wasn't this what I wanted?
Someone to pay attention to me, send me many more messages than I do?

At 18h, Alda and I will go to Thomson House to study with her friends.
I feel the need now to tell her about me.
_I've been meaning to ask you, is it obvious that I am trans?_
Why now, is it after the vulnerability of sending yet another two other messages
to Kate after my moral hangover?
Does it have anything to do with the fact that I'll meet her two friends?

I went upstairs to see if the makeup I bought had arrived.
It was there.
I opened the package instead of starting working.
I could wear it.
Maybe I should.
Should I go now and put it on?
Maybe later, closer to when I plan to leave.
In the package, there was also a brush and an eyeliner.
I considered trying the eyeliner but I always mess it up.

I guess I can try it today.
Although I doubt that it'll make me feel any better.

### Thursday, February 10th, 2022
"Do you think I look pretty?... I don't know why I don't believe you."

What happened today?

I'm hight and drunk.
I finished a litter of white wine and even just told Sonny how I was
considering walking to the _déppaneur_ to get another one.

I went into the kitchen for a glass of water.
It's 22h.
It's early, I guess I could put on some pants and stay in the living room to
finish the book.

In the morning, what happened?
I touched myself and there was more than just spots.
My levels must be high.
I should mention something to Dr. Perera.

I lost another distraction to Instagram.
I haven't paid to _diggy_ lately, and by lately I mean today.

When did I send the last message to Kate?
It wasn't today.
It must not have been, or else I'm even worse than I could imagine.

What was it then that brought me to this spiral down-bottom?
I remember seeing the french magazine's like in my post when I was brewing my
coffee in the late morning.
I sent a message about it to Alda before I posted it as a story trying to fish
Kate's attention.

It feels weird typing down her name too many times,
as if somehow in the future she would be able to read these logs and look
for herself.

Alda didn't reply back before I posted that story.
The first time I browsed its viewers, Kate was there.
Less than 15 minutes after its publication.
I felt good about that, as if meant anything.
Then—did I forget about muting her own stories?
I must have sent that unreplied message yesterday then,
to have cause that mute—I looked at her profile and watched hers.
Even younger than 15 minutes,
I saw her post to her mass of followers about the medical needs for her PGWP,
and then a picture of her in a medical gown,
posing with her arm showing a taped cottonball where a needle had pierced it.

I don't know why my mind jumped to Alex praising my emails or today's story.
Why don't I care about their compliments?
Have I looked for reasons to invalidate their appraisal?

What was I even talking about?
Kate's stories.
Were those what brought me down?
No, of course not.
There was nothing special about those images or information that jumps up now
that I am describing them.
Maybe the information that she's applying for a PGWP even though she was
planning to go study something in Brussels, but that wasn't it.

Why am I this depressed? Is it her?

Is it Louis?
I had a meeting with him.
We talked about the comprehensive exam.
I feel pressured, but probably not the same meaning as the _pressured_ that Kate
wrote in her last message.

I have lots of stuff to do and they seem so far away and distanced and both
huge and harmless at the same time.
It's like I'm their prey and I know they would kill me in an instant were they
close, but there's some sort of barrier,
something between me and them that protects me.

I feel like a kid in a zoo admiring a tiger.

Kate's message is like a kaleidoscope.
Every time I read it again, I can turn its wheel and see it change form.
The most silly—and pathetic—thing is that she obviously didn't put that much
thought into it.
She put some thought, though.
I remember seeing the ellipses flashing after I sent the original text.
It was the turning point.
I could have left it then and there,
and I would be able to believe there was some sort of possibility that
everything would still be possible.
I am the one overthinking it.
Her message is like a puzzle being overanalyzed.
There's an obvious answer that I'm to committed to accept, and thus, see.

_She's not seeing much people._
I'm not her priority, never was but that's not really the point.
_Too many messages_, especially when they're fruitless, as she's stated
she's not dating right now, make her anxious and thus she responds less.
She felt pressured by my neediness, even though she clearly told me—several
times—beforehand that she was not looking for anything serious.
Even after all the evidence that she did absolutely nothing wrong
and didn't owe me anything, she still felt the grace to not only assume her
silence had caused me any ill, but fucking apologize in the case
that—because we both knew that of course it did—it did.

I have given myself this same explanation several times now.
What is the fucking thing that keeps me confused and intrigued?

### Friday, February 11th, 2022
"Hoy que venía caminando de la nieve pensaba como quiero estar desnuda con
alguien y caminar a la cama.
No preocuparme de si mi ropa interior me cubre lo suficiente o de si se me
nota el vello de la cara; solo caminar desnuda de regreso a la cama y
que alguien me espere con los brazos abiertos.
Quiero acostarme con ella y ver sus ojos iluminarse y sentirme tibia a su lado.
Que me sonría cuando me quite el cabello de la cara para besarme y
que cuando me mire y me diga lo bonita que me ve no sienta ninguna duda."

I don't feel like writing anything tonight.

### Tuesday, February 15th, 2022
"I was thinking just now about giving you my number;
you know, in case Tinder freaks out again.
But I didn't.
I thought it's too soon.
I had the feeling that letting you know I am interested,
even though I clearly am, puts me at a disadvantage.
It feels as if I were talking about a game, but, if it is,
I honestly think I don't know the rules.
It's probably just that I'm uncomfortable by showing vulnerability."

I don't remember the last time that I wrote in here.
I stopped for a while.
To Calli, in our session yesterday, I told that I've had stopped writing in here.
Two nights ago I couldn't sleep at all.

I feel like am in that loop again.
I don't think I've ever been this high.
Not even those times that come to mind where I doubted that I had been smoking
wrong all the past few years.
Not even Las Vegas.

Between the overconsciousness of my own movements, of my jaw and the
intermixing music and the lights in the room,
I had the thought that this weed might have had something else.

In session, I spoke about the two girls I had been talking with on Tinder
that suddenly disappeared from the app bringing down my mood one night
I was with Alda.
They made me delete all of the unreplied conversations leaving the app
empty again as when I reinstalled it.

Then, somewhen the next day or two, one of those reappeared out of nowhere.
But the negative thoughts and emotions I had stayed.

I consciously put the word thoughts in the last sentence so I wouldn't write
negative emotions.

Monica told me how I am the own who keeps bringing her up.
Today is the day that I will let her stories die.

But that is not true.
It was last night when I saw her last one at 1h.
It was a video of a manifestation—was it an embassy?—and some text.
I opened it as it was only a couple of minutes old.
But I stopped my finger and pushed it away, ignoring the following two.

Just an hour ago I had posted a tweet that wished a Happy Valentine's to all
the people who had jacked off to its author
and said they should all be buried together.

She saw it.
She saw the other two that I posted at noon today about trans healthcare.
Even though I posted the two within 5 minutes of each other,
she saw them hours apart.

In my mind, I projected unto her my familiar overthinking,
but, now that I write it,
I think about how she probably doesn't think of me at all.

Early in the morning,
I wrote in my phone what I would say if she ever wrote back to me.
It started as these three long messages explaining before finally asking her
what she wanted from me.
Then I removed the roundabouts and the unasked explanations and left just the
questions.
Then, suddenly I knew both the answers to those questions and that they
didn't serve any purpose.
Then the draft felt useless and just deleted it completely.

Earlier that night I told Alda—no.

After one of the disappearing women came back,
I sent her a message asking her to reassure me that we did have a conversation
before.
She was confused and asked me if I meant from back in person or
another time in that app.
I said that it was more practical than that;
I was referring to literally just a couple of days before.
She said _yes_ and then let me know how there was a message that she had been
banned, but later she could keep using the chat.

She asked me how I deal with negative feelings like insecurity.
I felt seen.
Not in a particularly good or bad way.
Like she saw through me; she could read me.

We talked, deeply.
She replied to my messages in a similar manner.
We continued in the middle of the night, liking each other's responses.

Was this before or after I finally could ignore Kate's stories?

A different girl, Katherine,
gave me her phone number and told me how she just finished a relationship of
three years and could use friends,
and mentioned going for coffee and babysitting my dog.
She was the one riding the Ikea cart.

Alda told me how she doesn't want to hook up with guys here when she was
talking about the date she's having soon.
She doesn't want to let them into her life.

Why am I the complete opposite by feeling my head and chest
with faceless girls?

### Wednesday, February 16th, 2022
"Can I add you on Snapchat?"

I sent Monica the e-mail that I left in drafts yesterday.
I got extremely high, like, as high as only a few other times.
My eyes were bloodshot, my senses intermingled and my thoughts shapeless.
It took me a while to get over it and come back to reality.

I finally let Kate's story(ies) die unseen.

I send another message to Maribel(?), and a text to Katherine.
Those went unreplied.

Katherine had given me her number to text her since she'd be deactivating her
account for a month.
It says the message was delivered, but unseen.
It's been one day.
Am I even that interested?

I opened Facebook dating again.
This time I had two matches in less than an hour.
I sent a message to one girl and she replied back in French.

Am I avoiding the subject?

I have two or three conversations with guys on Tinder.
Most of the likes I receive are from them—guys.
I swiped them right for a reason, but still I don't feel interested.

The French woman didn't reply back.
I could probably text her and she might.
Again, am I that interested?

I texted back the other woman that I had matched that time but disappeared.
Emily. I had asked her if scopa was fun and she never replied.

"That fun, huh! Does it have a strip version?" I continued without a care.

"If you play your cards right. Pun intended." She responded this time.

I saw she had added her Snapchat to her profile bio.
It wasn't there before, I think.
I considered adding her, but felt that it would be creepy and stalkerish.
Despite we had matched before and she added it publicly for people to add her
even before a match.

Even now as I'm typing this, in my head I am imagining,
just as I did when Kate told me in our date that she wasn't looking for anything exclusive,
how she talks to several people at the same time.
Me being just a dot in a scatterplot.

I told Alda how I had followed her teachings and they worked once again.

"What, being a fuckboi?"

She was not wrong.

I added her and shortly after she accepted the request.
I saw her public profile.
There was an horoscope sign and a flag with a red cross over white background.
I thought at first it was Nordic given her blue eyes and blond hair.
It turns out it's from England.

I saw her story where she's smoking something, tired from her shift.
Then it changed and she was under the covers, with her breasts barely covered.

It disappeared shortly after.
As I read online, you can see who watches your stories but not how many times.
Was it for someone and she deleted after noticing I had seen it?
No, I don't think so.

Was it specifically for me?

I didn't know if it was fine for me to send her a message or wait for her to reach me.

She did the latter.
She said we should play scopa with red wine.
I told her what I had rehearsed in my head, _with you, I'd play anything_.

We didn't talk much, before she offered to exchange pictures.
I starting flirting from the beginning,
asking her what she wanted to see from me.

She said how she loves the figure of breasts in women,
so she asked if she could see mine.

When I showed her,
she warned me that her snaps were more graphic and if I wouldn't mind.
My chest felt full and I thought I could see the redness of my own face.

She complimented my pijama shorts, _they looked like a schoolgirl's_.
I mentioned that I dressed as one for Halloween and she asked to see.
She commented how the picture was both cute and hot.
As surprising as it was, I believed her.

"You give off these good-girl nerdy vibes..."

I was too turned on to think that I hadn't told her that I am trans.
Everything caught me off guard.
After a video of her with a black bra in her shower asking me to join her,
I told her I was already soaking wet.

She sent me a quick text: _Prouve it_.

In that moment I was again dancing masked between the legs of a stranger woman
with feline eyes.

I took a video similar to the ones that I sent Sonny years ago,
reaching with my hand under my underwear.

After I climaxed, as if she had known,
she asked me if I had any plans this weekend.

"IDK, what do you want to do with me? ...or to me."

She didn't reply until the morning, apologizing for falling asleep.
She had posted another story in her job in a Hospital.

I held myself from continuing the conversation so I would not appear too over-eager.
Probably because of the pressure that I need to tell her about being trans
and the anxiety of the uncertainty of her response.

She asked me maybe an hour later how my day was going.
We exchanged two quick videos of each other,
her masked self sitting in a desk and me,
smiling in front of my laptop in the dinning room.

I wanted to send her another text in there telling her that I'm trans to get
over with this already. I came to write this instead.

### Tuesday, February 22nd, 2022
"Can I tell you a secret?
[...]
I've been on hormones for years and I didn't know I could still get this hard."

The internet went off for a while.
Just now did it come back.
Alda and I are sitting in the dinning room.
I have just finished sending off an email to Melissa.
Monica chewed me off, again, for bringing up the same subject.

"Sé que no y como amiga te digo que te escucho y lo llevo contigo y
lo sabes pero a veces te pasas de egoísta."

It was because I told her of the mental breakdown I had about the e-mail I
got from Aliza.

She asked me if it would matter if people knew about me or were talking about it.
What was it that I wanted—or not—to know?
What is it, indeed. Do I really want to?

Sonny wasn't as hard as Monica but her perception must be the same.

Yesterday she had an appointment with a sexologist.
Maybe I should start referring to them with different pronouns.

I did tell the _catfisher_ I was trans.
She said it didn't really matter.

Even after Alda's comment and my marijuana-triggered suspicions that
she wasn't real, I continued sending her sexual pictures.
I'm not sure if both her attraction and herself are real or not,
I think—as I told someone in an email or a message—that I don't even
care anymore.

I made a list of all the girls I've been talking with the intentions of dating.
Now, even more than last year, I've even lost count of them.
I was going to go for a platonic coffee with one of them this past weekend,
but the snow didn't agree with our plans.

The Turkish girl offered me to meet for coffee.
Now, after the thing with Aliza,
I'm even considering telling her I'm trans even before we agreed on the plans.

_Hey, I'm trans BTW.
I think it's harder to tell from the pictures and I get nervous enough already
in first dates to be worrying about this, too,
so I tell you now before we meet in case you mind._

"I find it so exciting.
You're the best of both worlds, love."

Do I believe her?
Do even want to believe it?
Maybe I lose attraction to people who are interested in me because
I see being interested in me itself as a sign of distrust.
I have the perfect excuse for that being trans.

Would I even prefer _Turkey_ to reject me beforehand?
If she does I have another reason to justify my misery and self-loathing.
If she doesn't, will that make me lose interest in meeting her?

Why am I writing now after these past few silent days?

Last night I was seeing videos with Alda, when I saw the snap from my catfisher.
She was showing me her chest biting the end of her shirt before suddenly
letting it fall by smiling.

I didn't want to close it.
I wasn't even looking at her breasts but her teeth.
She reminded me of a cat or a vampire.

I imagined how it would feel to bleed by her fangs.
Is she tearing me apart from the distance?

I kept sending videos as if somehow I could tame a tiger.

The same ones I would later send over to Sonny,
as if that would somehow justify their existence.

I wanted to hear they weren't phony or embarrassing.
Having someone that I know is real reacting positively to them made me worry
less about them being used for humiliating or laughing at me.

I wouldn't really mind them being posted on the internet if men used them to
jerk off.
I'd prefer that over them being as a fétiche of transhood.

Even then, I would prefer _that_ over mocking and humiliation.
I'd rather be the target of stranger's lust than their jokes.
If I am going to be dehumanized and seen as an object,
I rather be one of desire than disgust.

I am at that stage again when I open the different apps in a cycle looking
for a burst of dopamine and self-worth.
I added Bumble again to the bunch.

This morning, when I opened Her I saw the picture of Kate two times.
It's the first time that I see her online in there.
Is she dating again?
Did I think that somehow that would make more probable that she'd look me up?
No, I don't think so.

There's another red circle around her Instagram profile.
Maybe this one, too, will go off on its own.

### Thursday, February 24th, 2022
"Now you see what you cause me.
Let's play some strip scopa!
I'll bring the wine.
I'll even let you be the one to undress me."

"Well, you definitely are special.
Now good night, and for real;
I am currently busy imagining all the ways I'd like to punish you
if you really are that bratty irl."

"You like shisha? You like it?
Oh, my God, you're smoking, baby!"

I fell asleep around 3h and woke up before 8h.
Until moments ago I felt fine.
Not perfectly, but fine.

Everything is shitty, but it doesn't affect me personally.
Texas yesterday passed a bill that categorizes all forms of gender-affirming
care as child abuse.
There was a letter circulating that encouraged all Texans to report any cases
they might know of.
Russia attacked the border of Ukraine and there are threats of nuclear war.
I spent the night talking to Héloïse, a québécoise girl that looks identical
to how Monica used to look when we met.

I told Sonny that I started losing interest with my catfisher.

I mentioned something to my catfisher about meeting,
but she ignored that message.
This morning I sent her an even more explicit picture as a form of begging for
her attention.
She responded with an emoticon and I felt empty inside.

I sent that image with the secondary intention of ignoring the rest of
the images that she might send today.
It worked as well as my intention of ignoring Kate's stories.

Scrolling through the application,
there was a small banner with previews of the latest stories.
Hers was 3 hours old and yet was the first one on the left.
I saw it wasn't text but a video of her apartment.
That was the push I needed to open it.

Now that I've seen them, somehow everything is worse.
Only because I know I was already starting to feel a shitty mood,
otherwise I would have thought that they were the cause of my sudden irritability.

I hate how much I love her voice.

The first time that I heard Emily's voice I realized she might be real;
somehow hearing her speak—talk to me—brought her down to this material
world—into reality.
Before she was an idea; a possibility.
After hearing her, she was a potential person.

I still don't know what is the deal with her.
I probably will never meet her in person.
Is the boost in self-confidence about my attractiveness enough to keep this
game between us?

I feel like a teenager masturbating to a poster or an old porn VHS.
I am starting, again, to feel insecure about the number of people she's
playing with in the same way as me.

Probably this is all it is for her.
_Now I want to tease you during my work._
See how many people she can keep on the palm of her hand with her body as if
she were juggling balls in the air.
Is this is all I am now?
A flying ball being thrown over and over?

In the morning I considered sending her a picture of the outline of my dick.

Héloïse told me about the only time she's had sex with a transfemme person.
The dysphoria of her partner made the moment unbearable.
It almost put her off of doing it again with another one, she told me.
I don't know if she intended an emphasis on her _almost_ or I was the one
who projected it.
It made me feel as if it was there signaling hope for our possible encounter.

"Oddly enough, most AMAB people I connect with online,
the texting part goes well enough I might want to meet irl, are trans girls."

"[...] so I take I'm now part of that exclusive list of trans girls whose
texting has gone well enough that you might maybe actually want to meet irl?"

"Definitely."

Selin, the Turkish girl, replied to me saying how yesterday was rough with her
COVID, but she's feeling better now.

Elise, the ophtalmologist kept the conversation going, asking how my day was.
I considered asking her if she wanted to meet, but didn't.

Amanda—was it yesterday?—confirmed me that her phone number,
this time at least, was the correct one.
I replied to her text telling her how I am doing and returning the question,
instead of sending
_so what do you think about going on that cute date you mentioned in your profile?_

Salomé was the newest match I had on Tinder.
I asked her directly what was it that caught her interest from my profile
when she told me she was looking mostly for friends.

Maybe later tonight I'll send a text to Katherine asking about this weekend.

Am I doing the same thing as Emily?
Am I juggling these women in the air?
I'm distracting myself with the idea of them.
I just need one ball to slip through my fingers before all of them fall over me.

I muted Kate's stories again.

### Saturday, February 26th, 2022
"Well, I can say that from pictures it doesn't look.
Like, you said you're trans and I was like: _oh that's news to me_."

I'll meet with Katherine in a few hours.
I'm showered and have eaten a sandwich.
I'll take the metro to get to Verdun and meet her outside the bar at 19h.

Yesterday there was a mild snowstorm but today supposedly is not so cold.

I thought to myself that I wouldn't reach out to Emily anymore, but I did.
I kept the streak going sending her a picture of my open cardigan with nothing
underneath asking her if she liked it.

"I like what's under."

Not enough,
I also replied to her story of her wearing red lipstick and a matching
bright-red spaghetti-strapped dress.
She said nothing.
Now I won't.

There's this need of wanting to ask her about her looking out for me after that first time.
Hearing her reasoning, figuring out why.

Monica sent me an email yesterday where it was clear,
both in tone and explicitly, that she felt angered and annoyed with me.

I've told her myself,
she said, how I am too tired of talking about the same things over and over.
When it's not Kate is the Catfisher,
when it's not Alda not knowing about me is the dysphoria I feel with myself.

I talked again last night with Héloïse;
the girl that looks like a younger version of Monica.
Even her self-deprecating jokes about her looks sounded like her:
bigger boobs, counting her ribs just by looking, getting cut by her hip-bones.
Is that why I felt attracted to her in the first place?

In Snapchat, I posted a story trying to fish for Emily's attention.
When I glanced at the suggestions below,
I saw Héloïse's contact name with a paella dish.
I considered adding her as a friend in there.
Why?
Was I really expecting us to exchange pictures or was it another way to distract myself?

Instead, I took a screenshot and sent it to her.
This time she didn't wait until the night to reply.
She laughed at it.

Alda's not home, she must be at her sister's now.
Nico just head out to his cousin's for a party.
I'm sitting in my desk,
typing these words instead of finishing the work I was supposed to get done
these past few days.

Jess, one of the matches from Tinder asked me to add her on Facebook messenger.
Elise, the ophthalmologist, asked me out for coffee tomorrow.
Following the example of Héloïse's chat, I told them both I am trans.
From what I received as replies, none of them knew before.
Would they have figured it out when we met?
Does it matter, really?

The last e-mail that I sent to Monica is still unreplied.
I still haven't written back to Alex.
I responded to Aliza's, but she promised a second part shortly.

Katherine doesn't know.
I'll tell her, in person.
This is not a date, really, so there shouldn't be any problem.

Why didn't I with Kate?
She knew beforehand.
She asked me about my coming out, why didn't I take that chance?

Nobody has had any issues with it.
Héloïse told me how had she been the girl who asked me to join her to the restroom,
had I told her I was trans, she wouldn't have minded and would have just
told me to forget about a BJ and that if I wanted to put it in to
better to have a condom ready.

The last times that I've worn make-up my mascara ran because of the snow.
Maybe I should put it on now?
There's still more than two hours before our meeting time.

What else could I write in here?

Héloïse told me that her jamming session in her house would be later tonight.
After I told her that I was procrastinating after deciding I should work,
she said that so was she.

She wished me luck in Japanese.
I asked her about what, whether it was about work.
She said yes.
I ended the conversation with
_will you imagine again ways to punish me if I don't?_

I won't reply if she does, not now.
I won't add her either.
That was flirty and explicitly sexual.
It doesn't come out of the blue since last night, and that other time as well,
we talked about BDSM and her—and a little of mine, too—kinks.

It's 17h. I should leave 30 minutes before 19h; I have time to do some work.

