# 2022 — 29 years old

## January, 2022

### Thursday, January 13th, 2022
"...you're soo cute. I really enjoyed our kiss, too! No regrets."

I'm back home.

Or is it that I have returned from home?

Honestly, I don't know what I didn't continue with the words while I was away.
There is lots of stuff that happened and that I could had written about.
There was the trip with Sonny and her friends,
and the COVID scare after the only kiss I had last year.
There's the continuous flirting that's been going on with Kate,
and the inner feelings that I repressed when looking at Les.

I've gained weight.
I finally weighted myself after a whole year here when they admitted me in the
clinic in Puerto Vallarta.
I was 70 kilograms.
It's probably the thinnest I've been in more than a decade.
While I don't think I've gotten over 75,
I shouldn't be much lighter than that.

I saw Monica and we had tea together.
We planned going to Santa Monica but we had to cancel our trip given she
tested positive.

She wasn't the first one that tested positive.
Kate sent me the message about her roommate's fever and her feeling sick
before I left for Puerto Vallarta.
I didn't cancel the trip hoping that it wasn't Covid,
so I got extra nervous when I felt sick and had a fever of my own on my
second night there.

Paty and the girls decided to take me to a hospital.
My blood pressure was low,
but not as low that the Dr would decide to hospitalize me.
I was sent home with antibiotics and a serum to get rehydrated.

On my last night in Puerto Vallarta, after we returned the rental,
Kate sent me a message stating that her results had come back and she was in
fact sick with COVID.

In Guadalajara Sonny took a rapid antigen test that came back negative.
I travelled to Tijuana where I took a PCR test that would eventually come back
negative as well on Christmas Eve.

While writing these words, I put on a random movie on Amazon Prime.
I got interested in it because I recognized Alison Brie.
When I saw that it also had Jason Sudeikis I put it on.
The first scene was of them hooking up in college, after chatting about sex,
sitting on a couch on the roof.
I started getting a faint smell.
When I looked into my shorts, I noticed a huge mark in my underpants.
What the fuck is wrong with me?

I don't remember what was the message I sent to Kate that night.
No, it wasn't any message.
I reacted with an emoji on her story with the cat.
A couple minutes after midnight she sent me a Merry Christmas message.

Between that night and New Year's, she kept reacting to my stories.
First she asked about Nym.

"The ultimate cutie pie." She said.

"Wait, then what am I?" I responded teasing.

"You make a good point, the competition is fierce."

I cut my hair.
Unlike the previous haircuts that I've gotten, this one was a radical change.
Before I transitioned, even before I had any idea of who I really am,
I would fantasize about having long enough hair to tie it behind my back.
This is the first time since after Spain, after I named myself,
that I can't tie it in a ponytail.

I posted a story of the ponytail cut on Instagram fishing for reactions or
comments, purposefully not putting a picture of the result.
A bunch of people reached out, including Kate.

"I'm sure it'll be the same tough tie", said Kate uninvited.

I met Monica waiting for her reaction.
She'd be the only person who would tell me honestly that I had made a huge
mistake with the bangs.
Either I was wrong or she loved it.

"You should always get your hair cut in bangs like that, it suits you",
complimented Monica.

I went to the pharmacy today to pick up my prescription for antidepressants.
I bought paper towels, soap—for hands and body—, and condoms.
I bought a box of condoms.
Do I really think I will use them?
In both having sex with someone or feel the need to use them?

I keep getting distracted by the movie.
I feel like I'm losing my breath a little.
Is my higher libido a side effects of the antidepressants,
or just a sign that they're working?

The latest messages I exchanged with Kate were after I sent her a message
telling her that the park she was at looked really nice.
I commented that I might go soon, and she confirmed it, _option number 6 now_.

We talked about having more options and how we could discard some of them
given the pandemic.

"Just being with you and getting to kiss you again", I told her,
"I'd be down even for something like getting groceries."

"Hahah, with the way the pandemic is, we might [do] just that as a date!"

"I mean, even if everything closes again, we'll always have number 5.
You're always welcome to just come over,
with the curfew you might've to stay the night, tho."

"Oups, I might do that then."

The last message I sent her was that I'd love that.
No, it was later that night, on Whatsapp,
I replied with a sad emoticon to her answer that she didn't have her
photoshoot.
She had taken a picture of her eye makeup after I asked her about it on
new year's eve.
She told me that she was planning on having a photoshoot with her friend.

_I wonder if you think about me at random times of the day... or night.
Maybe I'm just the weird one_

I had thought about waiting until my quarantine would end after getting the
negative results of the airport test and then send her a hook-up text,
something along the lines of
_I can't stop thinking about you. Do you want to come over?_

No, I hate that last part.
If I do end up sending it, it would have to be something better.
Maybe a second text, more personal.

_Option 8?_

### Friday, January 14th, 2022
_I think about the last time that I saw you.
Not the kiss necessarily, but the small details that surround it like bookends.
I think about the warmth of your hand on my arm when you got close and the
color of your cheeks when you pulled away._

_I thought about inviting you to come over, you know, our last option.
I wanted you here with me, do more than just kiss you...
drawing on your skin with my fingertips,
hearing whispers of your voice in my ear._

I couldn't fall asleep during the night.
The sun might have come up, but I didn't really notice it.
The last marking of the clock that I remember was beyond 5 in the morning.
I sent a message to Sonny telling her that I was considering getting up.

I did not.
I slept until around 10.
It was those kind of mornings before I left last year when I would grab the
phone to see if I received a particular message.
I didn't this time.

Monica sent me an image of an editorial piece saying how there is backlash
against the idea that trans teens should receive psychological counseling
before being approved for HRT;
how is unfair and a denial of basic health benefits with a caption asking for
my opinion.

"It's true", was the only thing I said.

Later, after brewing my coffee I explained myself.
I talked about gatekeeping and the meritocracy and policing of sexual variant
bodies.
I wonder what would Kate think; this is her area of expertise.
Sexual and woman studies.
_Have you been with someone transfemme before?_

"BTW, I was wondering do you happen to know how to get Molly?" I asked Alda.
"The drug obvs, not the girl."

Alda told me to ask Danny or Vix.
One of them might know.
I don't have Danny's contact but I have Vix's, or at least I used to.
I follow him on Instagram so it would be just a message.
Alda told me to get a couple for her if I did.
I sent nothing. Maybe tomorrow?

I got a reply from Calli.
She gave me a couple of options for our next appointment.
It will be through Teams.
I chose Monday, before the Neuro meeting.
Later, Louis would propose to talk about something exactly half an hour before it,
but I don't think he'd mind if I skip that.

I started yesterday to fill the new bullet journal.
It looks cleaner, for now.

I looked into the candidacy exam after chatting with Louis yesterday.
The information on the website is misleading.
It says that I have to get it approved before August 31st,
but also that I have to present the oral exam by the end of the semester.
There is another deadline by the end of April,
which happens to be after the end of the Winter term.
I feel confused and stressed.
Louis mentioned yesterday that I've been working on Qrater and I can present that.
Does it count?
Why wouldn't it?

I'm feeling something crawling in my skin.
Not literally like the sensations that made my grandma start taking antipsychotics,
but in the more metaphorical sense.
It's as if stress were a bunch of ants that are enfolding me from the feet up.
I feel them walking behind my neck and pushing themselves inside my ears.
There's the urge of scratching my skin off.
I feel dirty, corrupted.
I'll probably get in the shower after finishing these words.

Last night I touched myself.
I tried a couple of times fruitlessly and the third time I finally came.
Three or maybe four white spots are still in my blue sheets.
Would anyone notice what they are?
Do I?

Am I capable of getting someone pregnant?
How would that make me feel?

When I was returning from the pharmacy,
as I was walking uphill with the condoms in my backpack,
voices in my head were rehearsing how the conversation would go if it came
to the need to actually use them.
_I'd rather go through the very mild dysphoria of putting one on,
than even risk the gargantuan one of somehow fathering a baby_.

I told Kate about the book I read, Detransition, Baby.
It was about motherhood.
She might be very interested in what I would have to say about this kind of
emotions.
It's a horrible topic for conversation for the girl I'm dating and want to
have sex with, though.
It's probably not something I should bring up.

Maybe this thing that we have going on is not working for me.
I'm not in a good mental place for it.
After sending the message last night, I kept going over it in my head.
Doubting it, feeling insecure about it; wanting to take it back and swallow it.
Even just now, I keep thinking how she might be creeped out by it.
Why?
It's the true, I do wonder if she thinks about me, and I do think about her.

I just wrote about telling her about the mixed emotions I feel about
hypothetically getting someone pregnant.
When I was wondering about telling Alda about me,
she was the first person that I wanted to share it with.
I thought about mentioning the relief I got after passing security in the airport.
I do think about her.

Yet, I feel like I should hide it.
Because, if she knows the effect she has on me,
she might realize that it's better to leave.

What's the worst that could happen, though, that she stops replying?
Doesn't she do that already?

It would just be a longer wait.

### Saturday, January 15th, 2022
_I just got the results from the test of the airport.
I officially don't have COVID.
Again.
I don't think there's a curfew anymore,
but you still can come over and stay the night if you want.
I'd love having you all to myself for a full night._

Am I being obsessive?

I forgot to mark the time when I ate.
I'm using the app again to record my fasting.
I stopped at Puerto Vallarta.
The Dr specifically told me not to have long periods of fasting when I was at
the clinic.

Tomorrow is Johanna's birthday.
I was sitting on the couch,
reading my book on the kindle when I thought about exchanging letters with
someone, anyone.
Emails are a big part of Rooney's books.
I envy those interactions.
They could be like these sort of entries.
Long exchanges of intimate thoughts and emotions.
It'd be normal to wait several days, maybe even weeks, between responses.

I thought about Johanna and the message I sent to her last year.
She replied back to me proposing a videochat,
but we never pursued the conversation further.

She congratulated me last week on my birthday.
I knew hers would be any time soon this month and so I checked her profile to
see if there was an email in there.
There wasn't.
There were birthday messages from last year.
Will I send her something tomorrow?
I know I should, and probably will, but do I want to?

I dreamed about Monica.
She was sick.
Cancer?
Something about her breasts.
Later during the day,
when I told her I had dreamed of her and that we were a couple
I skipped that part.
I remembered how she actually had surgery on her breast before we started
dating in high school.

I told her this time I was the man and that nothing fun or dirty happened.
I said we were just chatting and she sat on my lap.
Was it just that what happened?
Why did I think we were a couple then?
Maybe we kissed.
No, I would remember that.

I checked my emails and I had one from the government of Quebec.
It reminded me about the protocol for travellers.
It was way more explicit and detailed than the paper flyer they gave me at the
airport.
Apparently I had to report my arrival to my place of quarantine before 48
hours after my entry to the country.
I still haven't gotten the test results nor a response from Kate.

I asked Monica if she had given COVID to her guy.
She told me that he did get sick but not from her.
He also tested negative recently.
They haven't seen each other for obvious reasons, but they talk everyday.

They are seriously dating.
They have the same age.
Well, I think.

When I told Alda that the idea of being more interested in someone than they
are into me made me nervous,
she told me it was completely normal and it always happens.
Is that what happens with me?
I lose interest when I notice the other person is more interested in me?

It happened with Monica well into our relationship.
It happened with Catherine from the beginning when I realized she had feelings
for me.
It happened with Sonny when she started getting pushy with sex;
I lost my libido entirely.

With Kate, it is fairly obvious that I am way more interested than her.
It wasn't mixed signals, I considered last month, but her ADHD.
But is it, though?

"Do you make all your dates wait months between seeing you again?
Because it's really effective, let me tell you"

"It's not a move, I promise.
But, **yes**. Like, I get stressed and busy, it's really accidental."

She was the one that brought up seeing each other again,
just like that other time.

Also, there's no 8th option.
After bringing out the idea of going grocery shopping during the pandemic,
I called back to my previous proposal of coming back to my place.
It was the original 5th.

She reposted a story from a friend of hers.
The thing that happened when I saw that other picture of hers at the party
didn't happen this time.
I replayed the picture a couple of times.
Her friend seemed Mexican—or at least Latina.
Does she see my stories in a similar way?

I posted something about picking up a package in shorts.
I received several comments and reactions, even something from Paty.

Nothing from her.
I'll wait until after getting the negative results from the airport.
I'll be direct this time.
She already said before that she'd come.
What am I really expecting from this?

I feel like I'm missing something.
Something doesn't feel right.

### Sunday, January 16th, 2022
"Everyone's like: _Sofía, WTF is wrong with you?_
But, nobody's like: _Sofi, here's my email,
send me a long and intimate email about WTF is wrong with you_"

I might be starting to show symptoms of depression again.
I couldn't get out of bed in the morning.
I woke up rested at around 8h,
but I stayed in there with no motivation to start the day.
I wasn't hungry, I didn't want to watch anything online nor did I crave the
taste of freshly brewed coffee.
I turned and covered myself with the duvet and the pillow that was behind my back.
I finally got up after noon.

Last night, shortly after I finished my words,
I got the email from dynacare with the results from my PCR test.
They were negative, of course.
I can go out now and don't have to continue reporting my symptoms to that
phone number.
What's the difference anyway?
Everything's closed still.
I have no one to go out with.

The first thing that I thought when I got those results was that I could send
that message to Kate.
Maybe that would produce a response from her.
Maybe.

It didn't.
But to be fair, she hasn't seen it.
She hasn't opened the conversation.
That was the second time I contacted her.
It was last night.

Does that have anything to do with my low mood?
I feel pathetic just considering it.
Calli would tell me that I am allowed to feel this way.
I am not the only one who feels bad when they think they're being ignored or
that they're not getting the attention they want.

Do I hate these feelings because they're feminine?
Or do I relate them more with childishness and immaturity?

I posted the picture I took last night of the Kindle with a text blurb
sharing my want of exchanging emails.

I got some responses, but the first one was Armando's.
He was an asshole as usual; a playful asshole.
I know he's not being a dick on purpose, or at least not with malice.
I relate his attitude to the way that Anahí and Catherine would playfully
diss me.
I hated it, but I knew they didn't really mean it.
Is it a particular Mexican thing?

I posted that again as a second story and that got more responses.
Monica told me she felt offended given that I didn't send her any email.
Clau—or is it Alex, now? Maybe I should check that with them—took my offer.
Aliza asked me if Telegram was OK, or would I prefer an e-mail.

A couple of weeks ago I shared with Monica the irony of how I didn't catch
the hint with Meghan—the girl from the club—, but I was wondering if someone
liked me because she liked two of my Instagram posts in a row.

I feel a little like that when I wonder what's the issue with Aliza.
How would I behave if the places were swapped and she had just asked me if
something had happened while she stayed in my place.
My reaction to this hypothetical scenario would vary entirely depending on if
I were attracted to her or not.

Could I write about that in an e-mail?
Maybe, but surely not the first one.

Kate saw my stories,
but didn't send anything like those three days between Christmas and New year's.
She posted two of herself.
Two videos of children sledding in the snow.
There was music in them.
It was in Spanish; Carla Morrison.
These ones, unlike the last picture of her, I only watched twice.

I wish I had some alcohol right now.
I'll go out tomorrow after the Neuro meeting.
I have to read those papers.
It's still very early.
The sun setting at this hour really messes with my sense of time.

I keep thinking about Kate and my reaching out.
She doesn't know that I watch her stories several times.
For all I know, she could do the same thing with mine—although, I'd bet she
doesn't.
Again, the distaste I feel after I reached out to her a third time in those
stories without letting her get back to me,
is it because of the lack of replies?
Or is it the hypothetical impression she might get about me being _too pushy_,
as Monica said?

I know she's nice, she wouldn't outright tell me that I'm too attached.
Perhaps that makes it worse.

She was direct, though.
After what Eliseo told me and I talked with Monica about my feelings related
to her mixed signals, she was quite direct and assertive,
telling me that she tries to get back to me as soon as she can,
when she stops feeling overwhelmed by her day or stuff.

It made me feel silly.

"Maybe I was the toxic one, all along", I told Eliseo afterwards.
He didn't deny it nor confirmed it.

These traits aren't necessarily feminine.
They are signs of emotionally immaturity.

And just now,
after typing this, I think back to the conversation I had with Anahí and get
overly conscious that I am five years older than her.
I am the one acting—and feeling—like a teenager.

### Monday, 2022-01-17
"La intimidad quizá es un poco más dulce cuando la compartimos con alguien
que no la merece."

Last night I sent the e-mail to Monica.
I really liked it.
I re-read it again when I was lying on the bed before falling asleep.
I loved the way I closed it.
It felt like a letter that would be inside a book,
without feeling fake or performative.
I did feel like I mentioned Kate too much—like sometimes I feel in these
entries—but when I read it again,
I thought it wasn't that focused on that subject.

She sent me a text this afternoon telling me that she had read it and was
going to write me a response, but maybe not today.
I opened Whatsapp in my recent  urge to open the app and see if I've had any
new messages.
I saw she was typing and I rushed to sent her a message first before she could
send hers.

"Typing, typing... what are you typing?"

I reassured her not to feel pressured about it and that she could reply back
whenever.
It is actually very nice not feeling the anxiety and insecurity about not
getting a response.

I didn't want to wake up and I kept postponing the alarm.
Last night I did read the papers for this morning meeting,
but maybe it wouldn't have been any difference if I hadn't.

I showered and changed just in time to log in into the deep nuclei meeting
that Louis had scheduled.
I thought about sending him an email or a message to tell him that I had an
appointment and would have to leave early.
Neither Neda nor Vicky were at the beginning of the meeting.
Louis talked about rescheduling and I thought about my last day here in
Montreal last year when I cancelled the Neuro meeting with them because I'd be
meeting with Kate and ended up meeting her an hour after the meeting ended.

Half an hour later, not much after Neda logged in and they actually started
talking about what they were going to talk about,
I got a message from Calli asking me if I was ready for our session.
In there I shared with her how I feel embarrassed about talking about dating.
She must have picked up something because she shared with me how she didn't
start dating until her thirties, so of course I wasn't late.

I remember my own training back in college and how she even apologized for
talking about her in session.
That's how you're supposed to do it.
Apologize or avoid it entirely; don't give your opinions nor thoughts.
I know it goes against the specialized training that an LGBT counselor must
have gone through,
but sometimes I really wish she'd just tell me how it's all in my head,
how there's nothing weird in that Alda nor Armando had any suspicions that I
am trans.

I want to hear that I do pass,
that my voice doesn't sound any bit masculine and that my beard shadow,
whenever it's visible,
only looks like the kind of problem a woman would have because of a
hormonal imbalance.

That's what I've heard from both Monica and Sonny, why is it not enough?
If Calli were to say something like that,
I'm sure I'd doubt her with some ridiculous reason like that she's only
saying it because she's my therapist and doesn't really believe it.

After writing Monica's email last night, I started working on Lomelin's one.
It did help to take my mind of Kate's silence.
Last night she replied to my Instagram's message telling me how she had just
gotten her period.
I wrote in the email I sent Monica how I still feel weird about that subject.
With Calli, I mentioned the other dream I had when I had it in my twenties.

_It's not too late._
That was the phrase that triggered me into thinking about that,
about all the stuff I missed.
I feel embarrassed just typing this,
but I really wish I could have gone through a normal childhood.

One YouTuber posted an image on twitter about the two hands holding the
colored pills from the matrix.
One would make you wake up as a six year old with all of your present memories,
the other one would give you I-don't-know-how-many million dollars.
The tweet was maybe two hours long when I replied that I, as a trans woman,
would take the red pill no matter the amount of money that the other one would
give.

I deleted the reply maybe an hour later.
Nobody liked it or replied to it.
It's the first time that I've posted in social media about me being trans.
Several people from the lab could had seen it, maybe some did.
I don't know why I did it.

I just know that I wouldn't prefer any amount of money in the world against
the chance of having grown up as a normal girl.

### Tuesday, January 18th, 2022
"You let me know when you're feeling well and are not so busy.
It's your turn to ask me out this time."

This morning I woke up and drafted the e-mail to Aliza.
In it I let myself dare to confess to her about me being trans.
I got into more detail about the night in DC and the dream I had.
I told her about the song I've been listening lately,
the same song that's currently ending in Spotify.

In the afternoon I actually considered just copying and pasting here the
entire e-mail.
It took a couple of hours to finish.
I feel nervous about the response she might give me to my paragraph about my
wondering if there were any rumours in the halls of the institute about my
identity.
In the second e-mail of the day, the one I sent to Melissa, I told her I was
nervous about receiving a response like
_I already knew, but thanks for sharing it finally_.

In the afternoon, Kate's conversation came back from the archive in Whatsapp.
There were two brief and straight-to-the-point messages in my notification screen.

"Sure, sometimes I do, yes." She answered nonchalantly my question about
thinking of me.
She explained how she doesn't really remember the contents of it,
but they're in the kind of way of remembering that we somewhen had a similar
conversation before.

The second one was a reply to my negative results.
She asked me in a weirdly formatted message if that meant that I would be
coming back soon.

"Kate, I've been here since last week."

Half an hour before midnight she replied again, telling me that she didn't know.
She asked if I was happy to be back, just in time for snowstorms.
I ignored her question and just made a comment about missing the snow back
south and then finally getting it yesterday.

"If I start to miss you, too, will I get to see you again soon?"

I thought that message was quite charming.
Later today, as I shared in Monica's e-mail, I started having doubts.
She replied back a while ago, with a laugh, we should meet soon yes.
She later, like how she used to, explained that she was feeling sick and
would have to cancel her plans and rest.

In the afternoon I saw a YouTube video titled
_Should we play it cool when we like someone?_
I went into it expecting an excuse to my overeaginess.
Instead, I was confronted with the term _manic dependence._

"...their underlying priority is to ensure that they are never alone without
someone, rather than with any one being in particular."

And, holy shit, did I realize that I might have a problem.

I saw her latest messages and, after finishing my sandwich,
overthought my reply.
I wished her well and, in another message,
told her to let me know when she were well and not-so-busy.
I ended it telling her that it was her turn to ask me out.
This time, it didn't take too long for me to start doubting it, again.

I'll possibly won't see her again.
She doesn't really start the conversations and doesn't have the initiative
to look me up.
It makes me think, though,
do I really want to be with her if that's really the case?
On one hand, I really hate having to always have the initiative and feel
insecure about the long silences and whether I did or said something wrong;
on the other, I also get disinterested when girls do show me too much attention.

She hasn't seen it and probably won't until tomorrow.
I'm sure she'll probably write something like _yes, with pleasure_,
a laugh and an emoticon with flushed cheeks or hearts or something of the like.
And then days will pass and I won't be asked out.
Either I'll cave and ask her out myself,
or I'll see stories on her Instagram and feel both insecure and angry,
first with her, and then with myself.

If this were a book and I were the main character, I'd be so unlikeable.

In our session, Calli reminded me again that I should be more forgiving with
myself.
Let myself experience the emotions I feel instead of pushing them away and
console myself with the thought that it is human to feel them and how they,
like everything, will pass.

It is human to feel this insecure about being so needy.
It is normal to not want to feel vulnerable.
It's OK to be this attracted to someone and worrying that the feeling is not
reciprocated.

And this, like everything, will pass.

### Wednesday, January 19th, 2022
"No sé que es eso específico de ti que mi inconsciente se bloquea.
Como te decía anoche, tengo tantas cosas que podría contarte o decirte—muchas
de esas ya te las he dicho—pero cuando abro esta ventana para escribirlas
quedo en blanco.
¿Crees que sea la misma razón por la que no sueño contigo?

"Cuando chica fantaseaba que mis sueños vívidos y extremadamente reales eran
visitas a otras realidades,
mundos alternos donde mi vida era diferente de alguna manera.
Sonny, si fuera cierto, he visitado tantos tiempos y espacios donde viven
distintas Sofías y, por alguna razón peculiar, solamente yo te tengo.
¿Por qué solo existe una versión de ti?
¿Qué tengo de especial yo que no tenga el resto que me hace merecedora de
tenerte para mí sola?

"Podría decirte que quisiera llevarte conmigo en mis sueños y presumirte como
quería enseñarte de la mano a mis amigos y familia cuando te invité a Tijuana,
pero sonrío con la idea de pensar que soy la única Sofía de mi multiverso que
tiene el placer de conocerte.
Qué afortunada."

I finished the e-mail.

I've been thinking about letting things die off with Kate.
At least try.
Again,
I want to be the first one to stop caring, to leave before being abandoned.
Did she ever care? Where is this all coming from?

She asked me if I would be returning soon.
Instead of taking it as a sign that she wants to see me,
I compared it to how I would obsess about her stories.
I know she saw the one where posted the plane's wing and the snow.
Or the one about the temperature and picking up the package.
I had thought that she might do what I do about letting all of them appear
without giving them any attention.
And I'm listening here to this song in repeat.

OK and a smiley face. Will I hear from her again?

Good, I'll take the opportunity to practice my self-control.

Will I be able to stay away? She did send some messages,
almost every day between Christmas and New Year's.
What happened those days?

Tinder is back online.
I was thinking about it and how I should be able to stop focusing on this when
I considered trying again with that app.
There wasn't really any hope that something different would happen.
This time it let me create a new account and everything was the same.
I swiped a couple of profiles and just put it away. Hours later,
when I came back, I had 9 people that had liked my pictures.
When I stopped playing, there were 3—or was it 4?—matches.

None of them I liked really, and wasn't that the problem in the first place?

This time I put the transgender flag in the bio.
Because it's a new account, it's normal that I'm getting more attention.
It's all part of the algorithm.
In the back of my mind I noticed the presence of a mild anxiety that Kate's
profile would appear.

Several times I've gone looking into our match and seeing her pictures to see
if she has changed anything.
I don't know what I expect from that.
She told me upfront she didn't want anything exclusive and later told me
again that she's not in a mental place for a serious relationship.
Why did I let myself get this attached?
How did it happen?
After the date I was disappointed,
when Alda asked me enthusiastically how it had gone I didn't know what to answer.

Let's see how many days passes before either she does ask me out,
or I succumb to my own impulses and ruin everything.
Is waiting infinitely to the never-coming message even a possibility at this
point?

Alex has replied to my mail.
I haven't read it.
Why?

I expected this from Aliza's,
that one actually makes me nervous for reasons I don't think I have to explain,
but this?
Is this what Kate feels with my Whatsapp messages, maybe?
No, again I'm giving myself too much credit.

I'm not as present in her mind as she's in mine.
And there's absolutely nothing wrong with that.

Well, maybe there is. She shouldn't be.

Stop.

Tomorrow I'll get vaccinated.
I have to pick up my hormones,
maybe I can make a stop at the currency exchange house and the bank.
It would be good to also get some coffee beans.
I hope I don't feel too sick, even though I actually do hope I do.

### Thursday, January 20th, 2022
"And did you talk with _Frenchy_ again? Oh, she's missing out then."

After telling myself to stop being that much fixated on this specific girl,
I kept thinking about the last time I saw her and what could happen the next
time.
It's probably the hormones—or perhaps the antidepressants?—,
but I literally was breathless because of my own thoughts.
The mere thought of having her by my side on a couch and putting my hand on her
leg, my mind wandering to her hand on my arm,
flashes of fantasized skin over the fresh sheets, whispers and soft laughter.

I don't think I'll be able to keep myself from reaching out again,
which is by itself enough reason of why I must.

I am not really dating anyone else;
but I don't mind if you are, you said since the beginning that you were not
looking for something exclusive.
Am I not jealous?
How is it that I can't go a single day without thinking of her,
that it's fairly probable that she's seeing other people,
and I am not consumed by those feelings of insecurity?

Is it her loss, though?

I read Alex's email.
I am still not sure what scared me about it.
They're like me, but different.
Even though our paths go through very distinct places,
it was comforting reading someone's perspective of the world and experiences
so similar to mine.
I should probably write back to them soon,
but I'm not sure what I want to tell them.
Perhaps I could wait for Aliza's response, if I ever get one.

Monica, Sonny, Aliza, Melissa, Kate.
I am waiting for these women's words.
All of them said—except Sonny, she never really said that she'd write back
again now that I think of it—they would get back to me.
Why is it that deep down I don't believe them?

Am I this excited about what they could say?
Melissa replied back almost instantly telling me she'd write to me when she'd
feel better.
Monica did something similar, asking me permission to reply through e-mail,
but at a later moment.
Aliza didn't, after what I say, even though her answer is the one that makes
me most nervous, that could be reason enough about why avoid writing it.
And Kate...

What more could I write about Kate? Two dates and I'm still writing mostly
about her.

She liked my picture in Instagram.
The first thought that comes to my head is that she must like everything she
sees.
Why am I this way?

I took the picture when I was returning from my morning pending tasks.
I had the third dose of the vaccine.
It was messy, a lot of issues with the process and waiting, but I got it.
I didn't really feel that bad, but still took the opportunity to cancel today's
meeting with Louis and not do any work.
I probably shouldn't have done that.
I have some important questions to Louis about the comps and my project.
The date keeps getting closer and closer, bigger, threatening.

I bought a bottle of vodka,
changed the 600 USD and deposited them in my bank account.
I went to the pharmacy to get my hormones and bought a bag of coffee beans,
one of chips and a bottle of watermelon juice.

I took the picture in my room.
Monica told me it was _cute_  and to post it.
I dismissed the idea like I always do and, as if she had read my mind,
she added that I never do it—or just post them as stories.

This morning I posted Sonny's fragment of the e-mail as a story but deleted it
later in the afternoon.
I put on the picture of me with the band-aid of the vaccine.
Lately I've been posting the stories as a way to see if Kate sees them and as
a way of giving her the opportunity of replying to them as she did back in
that week of December.

I posted the picture in Facebook and in Instagram.
I tagged Monica in both.
Sonny asked me if I had a crush on her.
Do I?
I told her I don't—I've told myself that several times as well back in the past.
But, do I, though?

Yesterday I cooked the stew.
I had some more this evening.
Tomorrow I'll cook the meatballs with mash.
There's still some leftovers from yesterday in the freezer.
Perhaps I should cancel the next HelloFresh box that isn't free.

### Friday, January 21st, 2022
_Now, like a lot love stories back in 2022, this one starts with a Tinder date._

"Uh, Sophie?"

"Yeah"

I didn't last two whole days.

I'm sitting on the couch in my living room waiting for Alda to share to come
and finalize a trade: she can have some of the meatballs and horseradish
mashed potatoes after I smoke some weed with her.

I snorted after finishing the previous paragraph.

In the morning I sent Kate a text wondering if sending her flirtatious
messages would count as cheating.
Because that wasn't dumb enough, I added that I could hold them too,
if she preferred.

God dammit.
I'm really bad at this.
Soon after sending them,
I first started worrying that she might misunderstand the 'cheating' part.
Moments later I just regretted them entirely.

She hasn't opened them by the time I'm typing this sentence.
It's Friday, she probably won't until tomorrow morning.
Last week she didn't view my Thursday messages until Monday.
Do I need any more proof that this is not working out?
What else do I need?

I am so quick to dismiss explicit words about my own self worth,
and now I guess I also don't see these clear signals that I should stop.
If not because of her obvious lack of interest,
the excessive one on my end should be reason enough to put a stop to myself.

Mahsa sent me a message on Teams this morning.
She somehow couldn't log in, so she was asking me if I could upload a new
dataset from only the names of the files.
I did it in less than an hour.
Why am I very productive and efficient with stuff that has nothing to do with
my project?

Was it today or yesterday that I sent the first Tinder message?
I told that girl about the story with Alda and her liking her vibes.

"Emm, alright, I guess it's good(?)"

I didn't know what else could I say after that,
and so I just added _most probably_.
Surprisingly she hasn't deleted the match.
After that, I didn't really feel like sending another message to anybody else.

Around noon, I started drafting a response to Alex.
I might keep working on it after finishing these so I can send it before the
weekend.
I also told Johanna about my idea of the emails and told her that I would like
keep hearing from her.
She might reply back in the weekend, maybe next week, possibly never.

She could ignore my messages as easily as I've ignored hers,
or how I didn't open Alex's email until yesterday.

What flirty texts did I even want to send to Kate?
Why her specifically?
I have 6 other matches—5 if I ignore Marka—with whom I could chat.

Is it because we kissed?
I was pretty insistent before that.
Is it because she's French?

From where did this stupid fixation on French women even come from?
I liked Kate because her accent reminded me of Flore,
and I was infatuated with Flore, because her face reminded me of Monica.

So, there's that, I guess. Maybe I do still hold a crush on her.

I keep glancing at the e-mail hoping that I'll see Aliza's response.
I want to know.
Not knowing is exhilarating.
I sent out the secret, it's in the open now.
I'm waiting for a reaction, for the knowledge about how I was seen all this time.
Deep down I'm hoping—expecting?—to hear her surprise and reassurance that she
had no idea.
She'll probably tell me that she wasn't sure,
but suspected it after a while.
No, she saw the pin and make a comment.
From just that I should be expecting her to know.
How will I feel when she tells me that most of the people knew,
but they weren't actually shitheads so nobody really cared nor,
even less, talk about me behind my back.

The girls back in Mexico City did treat me with some sort of pity.
Did they really, or is it all in my head?

I fixed today the SSH configuration so I can log back in to Hyde from Tango.

The clock in this laptop is still carrying the time from back home.

I posted on Instagram a small video from 5 years ago of Nymi small like a rat
spinning in the air.
I miss her.

Alda shouldn't be back in a while.
I served myself a drink earlier today.
I don't know if I should read instead and continue with the draft later
tonight when I'm more drunk.

### Saturday, January 22nd, 2022
"Hay un artículo que dice que las personas guapas tenemos menos citas porque
intimidamos a los prospectos."

I can feel the symptoms getting stronger.
It could have been the weed and the alcohol, I guess.

I didn't get up until after noon.
I went to the laundry room and did a couple of loads.
For breakfast, at 14h30,
I made myself two sandwiches and then went back to bed to continue sleeping.

I keep checking the phone as if a new notification were to change all of my
problems or dark thoughts.
_Dark thoughts_, that's how the Dr refers to suicidal thoughts.
I haven't had those in a while.

The jokes with Monica don't really count.

I sent a couple of messages to the girls I matched with on Tinder.
One replied back, but the conversation didn't flow.
_What's the point, really?_
I kept thinking and just closed the conversation.

Again I keep thinking how,
if it were the case that they matched without reading my profile,
it's after the match when they would look into it to find the flag.
Could that be the reason why the conversations die quickly?
No, I don't think so.
I'm probably reaching.

I don't know what else to write about.
I didn't dream anything, or if I did, I remember nothing.
I haven't talked with Monica.
Sonny painted her hair.
Jose Luis sent me another message asking me to tell him more about my
PhD project and program, because it sounds so interesting.

Everyone's impressed by it.
What would happen if I flunked out?

My mom told me they sent the package with the blanket.
Several couriers didn't want to send it because it wasn't a new product with
an established price.
She sent me the guide telling me that the ETA is Wednesday.
If it doesn't pass customs, my Dad will have to pay the return trip as well.
It was more than 200 USD.
I should have brought it with me in a second suitcase.
I keep taking bad decisions.

I sent yesterday Alex's email.
I thought that I might back some responses this weekend,
but I might not get them in a while—or ever.
Monica specifically asked me if she could reply to me in an email.
Alex said how this opportunity of a sort of back-and-forth with someone who
shared similar experiences with them were just what they needed.
Aliza... she's the one whose email stresses me the most and the one on whom I
cannot really depend.
Were I in her shoes, would I reply back?
No, not really.
I would push it to the back of my mind and obsess about it for a couple of
days until I would be able to avoid it and repress it entirely.

What could anybody say to me after what I wrote?

This is the first night in this new website that I got a distraction.
I grabbed my phone and thought about posting a story in Instagram.
I went into the camera and posed for it,
thinking about what image of me I could put out there.
I want to be seen, but not really by anyone. And that bothers me.

Five hundred and forty words.
Two thirds of today's quota.
I'm almost there.

The messages are still unseen and unreplied.
I'm not sure what was the point of enabling back again the _seen_ feature.
Yeah, they're not seen yet, but does it really make a difference?
Would anything change if they were seen but unreplied?
They're there; put aside and ignored.

Either you're busy or not interested.
There were clear signs of interest.
She's apologized about it.
Why am I this needy?
I hate this.
I wish I could be more independent.
Why does it bother me this much to be alone?

Is it sex what I am looking for?

I touched myself this morning.
There were several drops in the sheets after I cummed.
They're not new, but they still make me uneasy.
This time, though, my panties were wet and messy afterwards.
There were spots even in my leggings.
I took a shower and did laundry.

I'll probably get a response after the weekend.
Perhaps the emails, maybe Kate.

I don't think I'll see her soon,
but at least I'll get an answer about the flirtatious texts.
What would happen if I don't get a response?
Would that make things better or harder?
No, I would need to get a clear message of I'm sorry but I'm not interested so
I could finally let this go.

I won't get that.

### Sunday, January 23rd, 2022
"Suddenly I'm feeling a sort of craving for you."

It's harder and harder to get up.
I will meet with Dr Perera the day after tomorrow.
She'll ask me how I've been feeling these past two months with the medication.
How have I been feeling?

At first they worked really good.
Then I should mention the observations I did with Calli,
I went to the other extremes.
I slept less and ate more.
Now that I am back here,
it's been ups and downs with my appetite and I feel more and more tired each day.
Will I mention the new drops when I touch myself?

After those past words I felt the unconscious urge to turn and glance at my phone.
Am I still expecting responses?
I considered moments ago writing a second email to Monica.

Then I started thinking about my fantasies with men and the social
pressure of heteronormativity in trans women.
This last sentence made me put my hand over the phone.
I reached and drank from my Vodka lemon twice before continuing.

Vodka-Lemon was the drink Johanna ordered in that bar in Granada,
it was the night that Fernando looked at us when we were dancing.
It was not the same night that we were at the club and the Mexican guide
defended me from that Spanish guy that was hitting on Johanna.
That other night was Sevilla,
and it was the same night when I thought about us sitting next to the river
as the moment of brief bliss that I experienced to answer Alice's question in
her kitchen.

Months ago I used to log into reddit and look up her username: SpadesFairy.
The first time the underlying motivation was expecting to read a pots or a
comment that would describe that night her in kitchen.
I was terrified to find a glimpse into her thoughts about me.
For someone who wrote two separate e-mails describing how I longed to be seen,
I was scared about knowing how she really saw me.

The last time that I did it,
I read instead how she had lost her job due to effects of her mental illness.
She was a writer.
She wrote silly stories for a dating simulator mobile game.
_Smut,_ she called it.

What is it with these women that I keep writing about them after meeting them
for a couple of hours?
Am I really this lonely?

I don't want to write about that anymore.

My drink is done.
I want another one.
I am high; Alda brought the second time a stronger batch.
The first one already made quite an effect on me.
An hour before she arrived, while I was only drunk and reading my book,
I considered telling her that I am trans.

_Alda, do you know that I am trans?_

Straight to the point and what I want to know.
No need of stories or explanations.
Does she know?

It's not that I want to share the knowledge or change the way the situation is
right now.
That's bullshit.
If that were the case,
I would have been rested after her question about my periods,
and the motivation to tell her became only stronger after that night.

What did I want to write to Monica?
It was something about my need for some man to fall in love with me,
why do I want to be seduced?
Then I wondered if we ever shared a night together.
We had sex, and then we slept together for an hour or two at most.
We slept for a whole night in the same house but in different rooms.

I dreamed about spending the night together more times than I dreamed about us
having sex.
Are we allowed to sleep together now?
As two best friends am I crossing some kind of line when I fantasize about
lying in bed under the same sheets,
holding her in my arms and feeling warm by her company?
There's nothing sexual about it, I think.
I don't want to kiss her.
I just wan to feel her close.
Share the intimacy of dreaming together.

She just sent me a couple of pictures of her for me to pick the best one.
Even though she's wearing a mask, I really liked the look of her face.
There must be something of the camera, that as soon as I saw her,
I wished to be in front of her and seeing the smile in her eyes.

### Monday, January 24th, 2022
"Todo hombre debería ser capaz de amar a la altura de ser amada por otra mujer."

The Vodka is done.

I managed to write a whole e-mail to Monica without mentioning Kate once.

When I deleted her conversation she hadn't seen still the last messages I sent.
I told her I would test my own self-control about not sending her any
messages—and I failed terribly—,
will I manage to do it still even if she later replies?
When I wanted to write these words earlier,
I had the fantasy deep down that it would be like last week and she'd send
something by the time I'd finish them.
This is all on me.
I did this to myself.
I am the one who doesn't quite know how to not let her feelings take control
nor grasp the fact that we don't really know each other.

I can't seem to accept that she's not interested in me.
I want it to be spelled out for me in such a way that it'd be impossible
for me to deny.
I won't go as far as to say that I've ruined anything,
because there is nothing really to ruin to begin with.

I am clearly not ready to be dating, be it casually or not,
and so I've deleted the rest of the apps.
I should focus on my program and the relationships that I already have.
I won't die from not having sex for another year.

Leonel, Monica's date, is also no more.
In her latest e-mail she told me how she doesn't think anything will happen
with him.
He proposed her to go to his house to watch movies _and stuff_.
She felt disgusted with what he was implying.
They never went on a real date, she explained,
and didn't want to start that way.
She knows she deserves better.
So, the next day when he sent her a message asking her how she was doing,
she didn't reply.

Is that what happened with Kate?
No.
It very well could had been, but it wasn't.

It wasn't what happened with any of the other girls either.

Honestly, even now I can see how I am being overly melodramatic again
for—oh god, really?—a couple of days of no answer.
Even though she'll probably reply later in the week as if nothing
happened—because most probably nothing did—this is reason enough to convince
me that this is not working for me and clearly won't.

I am not ready, emotionally nor mentally.
I feel right now the exact same way I felt that Sunday when I was waiting for
Molly's message after her camping trip.

_You didn't go to Ottawa, did you?
I mean, you have every right to go on a camping trip, I'd just like to know._

I feel as if I had just sent Flore the message asking about the gender of her
PI's mistery partner without knowing what would come after.

_BTW, can I be vulnerable with you? I know it's too much to ask,
specially after just two dates, but,
would you do me the favour of telling me if/when you lose interest in me?
You don't owe me any explanations or anything, I'd just like to know upfront._

These feelings are valid and human.
They're not particular to my trans identity, and even if they were,
it's normal that I'm feeling them.
They, like everything else that is bothering me right now, will eventually pass.

I should let myself feel this.
Let the sadness grasp my lungs,
and the insecurity punch my stomach,
and the frustration push me down to my seat.
They'll be over soon.

I finished yesterday my juice.
I ate today the meatballs.
The bottle of vodka is empty,
I am drinking the last of it with chamomille tea.

Alex has their appointment with a gender therapist today.
They would tell me all about it in their next email.
They mentioned in passing how they were hoping the write another one before it.

Aliza still hasn't written back.
She might never do it, I certainly would not blame her.
Johanna saw my message but didn't reply either.
Last time, it took her a couple of days as well.

Today, as I was browsing Facebook, the picture of Helena appeared in
the _People you might know_ banner.
I took a screenshot of her as if I had someone to whom I could mention it.

I'll grab my phone to see that the conversation I deleted hasn't somehow come
back and then I'll finish my drink before going to bed.

### Tuesday, January 25th, 2022
_Él me miraba con sus ojos noche y yo le creía lo que me decía...
Pero no lo volví a ver, luego no lo volví a ver y yo lo busqué._

How many nights will it take for me to stop waiting?
I keep thinking, still, of possible things I could write or say to reignite
something that will soon extinguish anyway.

It's like those days when I get anxious about something, anything
and I go from thinking it's the worst thing that could ever happen to me,
to realize that the problem,
even if it comes to the worst possible way it could be,
would be totally insignificant.
And I go from one end to the other, over and over.

I don't get it.
I sent the message to Johanna,
she might never reply back and I don't really care.
She could think my proposal is the most absurd and corny thing ever and roll
her eyes even before finishing my too-long message.
And, like I said, it's totally fine by me.
Why is it so different with this other woman who three months ago I didn't
even know she existed?

Right now I'm on the easier side of the pendulum.
I'll probably get a message eventually, maybe this weekend, perhaps other week.
There's the possibility, too,
that instead with time I'll just realize she hasn't liked or seen anything of
mine, and I'll wander into her profile to see how she stopped following me.
No, even typing it down it sounds so petty and stupid.
Something I would do, like deleting her messages after less than a week of silence.

I didn't say anything about the drops of cum to the Dr.
I lied and told her that I had been feeling fine,
only to correct myself and tell her about this sudden low mood.
I postponed the alarm until a couple of minutes before our scheduled appointment.
I had all of the intentions of not getting up after.
She suggested that I should try doing some exercise, getting out more often.
That motivated me to shower, and actually going out.

I took a couple of pictures but hated most of them.
I posted the only two I edited and a story of the video I sent to Sonny.

Vicky liked the post.
Two months ago I was worried that she would think I was a creep by following her.
I did like how she looked the last time that I logged to the lab meeting
yesterday afternoon.
I wouldn't pursue anything—pft, as if it depended on me, right.

Monica, Sonny, Paty, my mum, even Eduardo liked the images.
I keep watching the story walking down the stairs and I like how I look.

If I didn't know it was me, I'd think the picture is of a pretty woman.
I like my eyes and my hair.
I don't mind they're dark.
I don't mind anything in the picture.
I want to reach my hand through the screen and touch my own cheek,
take my mask off and tell myself these thoughts;
maybe coming from myself, my biggest judge, I would actually believe them.

I got Monica's and Alex's replies.
I haven't written them back.
This morning I got an email from Louis specifically addressed to me.
He was wondering if I considered submitting an abstract to AAIC about Qrater.

I cleaned the apartment today.
I ordered some food from Walmart, too.
It will get here tomorrow evening.
Thursday the next box will arrive.
Tomorrow also the box with my mom's gift will get here.
I thought sending Kate a specific message asking her if she wanted to see it.
I shouldn't.

It's two probable reasons why I haven't heard from her.
Either, like she herself have told me on repeated occasions,
she's busy and stressed with stuff, or she's actively ignoring me.
Neither of those would warrant reaching out, again.
I need to get a hold of myself.
Look within myself and find out why am I so needy.
What am I looking for?
When did I become this way?

Am I afraid of being alone?

I started wondering if I had talked to anyone today,
but I did have the phone conversation with Dr Perera.
I said _Hi_ to Alda when she left and I was cleaning.
I sent an audio to someone, probably Sonny.

I should work. I don't remember the last time that I did anything productive.

Is this what depression feels like?

### Wednesday, January 26th, 2022
"Seré tu diario cuando me lo permitas y aunque no lo logre—no pretendo—aliviar
tu carga, porque sé que los miedos e inseguridades vuelven,
pretendo hacer tu carga soportable.
Y cuando esas inseguridades regresen,
vuelvas a nuestra conversación donde te puedas sentir acompañada."

I've tried to write the responses to Alex and Monica but I can't.
I don't know what to tell them.
They asked me questions in their mails,
I have several thoughts that I wanted to share with them,
I feel a knot pressing the mouth of my stomach.
Why can't I find the words?

I've spent most of the day drafting an abstract of fewer than 350 words.
I can't keep asking Louis forgiveness for being such a shitty student.
This is eating me from the inside.

I turned off the alarm again.
I showered but didn't go out this time.
I shaved my legs even though I don't think nobody would notice them anyway.

I got my mother's package today.
I picked it up and took the opportunity to put a load of the sheets in the washer.
That was the excuse I used to motivate me to take a shower.
The pleasure of sleeping on clean sheets with freshly shaved legs.

When was the first time that I shaved my legs?
Was it middle school?
No, I don't think so.
It was probably high school, if not even college.

Probably those months that I didn't go to therapy, but it feels too late.

I remember trying my mom's nightgown.
That was middle school.
Even now, way more than a decade later, it still feels weird to acknowledge
those days.

I remember very clearly the exhilarating chill that I would get every time
the prefect would come to tell us that the next day there would not be any
classes.
That meant that I would have the house to myself.
It was those mornings when nobody was around that I went to explore that
closet.
I feel disgusted even though...
no, there was indeed something wrong about it.
I had no right to do that.
It was a complete invasion towards her privacy.

I stopped in high school, I think.
Around the same time that I started being interested in Monica.
She was my normalcy.
Was I depressed before or after finally meeting her?
I see the pictures of that first semester and I was very thin.
I went from being a chubby kid in middle school,
to being a slim young man in high school.
There's not more than a couple months of difference between those two time
periods.
I stopped eating; I stopped caring.

I don't want to talk about those days anymore.
I don't want to keep writing this.
I should finish the abstract.
Why is it so hard to focus?
Are the pills not working anymore?

I deleted the story about the Vodka and the tea.
Whose attention do I want? I do know that answer.

Today my mum package was supposed to arrive.
The Walmart groceries.
Tomorrow I'll go get my blood drawn and I'll receive the second box from
HelloFresh.
I should cancel them from now on.

I still feel like crying even though I am not sure why.
Is it really that I don't know or is it that I don't want to admit it and
writing down?
I feel some sort of pride completing another day's worth without mentioning
her again, even though years from now if I come back to these words,
I'll remember this period of time as the time when I couldn't really take her
out of my head and was ashamed by it.

Is it the kiss, is it the second date?
Am I sure I want to have sex with her if I am struggling this hard after a
single fucking kiss?
In my head it's as if somehow after that event happening the urge would be
satisfied and I would be able to continue on with my life.

But that's not what's going to happen.
What is it, precisely, what I actually want?
Do I want a response, attention?

She could, right now, send me a text message apologizing about not seeing
them and telling me that she's been so busy.
Would that make me feel better?
What if she just replies with another smiling emoticon?
Would that be better or worse?

What is it that I want?
What is it that could fix this hurt I am feeling?
Is it being ignored?
Is it feeling lonely or not as important?

The problem is within me, I am the one who should be able to fix it. But, how?

### Thursday, January 27th, 2022
"Nunca le he contado a nadie, pero a veces tengo recuerdos así,
de haber crecido siendo una niña.
Es como si quien soy ahora de alguna forma se escurriera a mis memorias y
tintara de feminidad mi pasado."

"A mí me lo contaste.
En dos ocasiones de maneras distintas.
La primera cuando te acercaste a mí por primera vez y me dijiste que te parecía
conocida a una amiga del kinder.
Incluso me dijiste que pensabas que yo me llamaba Sofía.
La segunda vez me dijiste en la universidad cuando me decías que no sabías
si eras trans.
Me dijiste que tenías recuerdos siendo niña."

I told Alda, half-joking, if sending another another text on a different
application wouldn't count as quadruple-texting.
She laughed.

By then Kate did reply back in Instagram.
I saw how she posted several stories sledding with her roommate.
She had green eyeshadow and stuck her tongue out in the first picture.
The others were videos of them sliding down the snow.
The last ones though, those were different.
In the first one she screamed, her french accent bending her voice.
Then, she said something along the lines of _Tell God this Bitch is coming_.

Then, like her, suddenly they were gone.
I considered sending her a message about the sledding—even now although she
hasn't replied the other ones I'm still considering somehow—, but when they
disappeared I couldn't hold it anymore and just did.
She answered immediately telling me that they weren't supposed to be seen;
they were for her mother.
Two other people and me managed to see them and text her laughing.
We continued for another round of messages and then my last one went unseen.

I went to get my blood drawn.
I slept maybe three hours at most.
The e-mail I sent to Monica,
I started it a couple of minutes before 3h and it was sent an hour and a half
later.
She replied back today,
but I haven't found the time to answer neither to her nor Alex.

Melissa—was it yesterday—tagged me in a post in Facebook that said something
having a message with a friend pending.
She might write me soon.
I still haven't heard anything from Aliza.

I sent a message to Vicky on Teams about the batteries of her mouse.
They were playful without being cringe nor creepy,
or at least to my own perception.
Tomorrow we'll meet the Colombian guy that lives here in Montreal.
He's going to come at 11h.

I had a new match on Tinder.
I opened it and saw a familiar face.
I think we matched on Bumble, before.
She was the last one I had before I deleted the app.
It must have been that one because Tinder stopped working for me.
No, it was Tinder.
It was way back to the first time I deleted it.
As soon as I saw the notification I sent her a GIF of Brie Larson singing.
_Hello again, friend of a friend_.

She didn't see it.

When I woke up I had a notification from tinder, too.
It wasn't just a match but a new message.
I replied back trying to write more than just the usual how're you doing?
The conversation was going to die anyway,
so I went straight to the point and asked what she was looking for in the app.
She said that nothing in particular, just to have fun.
I asked her if it had been working for her and she said yes.

She asked me if she could ask for my orientation.
At first I thought she meant about my gender,
but she dismissed it when I asked her if that was what she meant.
When I asked her why, she said what I was half-expecting.

I told her I wouldn't be up to being in a threesome with a guy.
Although, to be honest, after talking for a bit I started considering it.

"Yeah, sorry."

"That's fine. I am still down for you." She replied.

"I'm trans, though, is that ok to you?"

"Sure."

Even then I thought I wouldn't hear from her again.
She instead asked me for my snapchat.

I might never hear from her again, but even then,
somehow I feel a little better inside.

_The feminine urge to post shitty after shitty IG story until your crush
mindlessly and quickly breezes through them and you foolishly think she saw them._

"Alda, I'm saying it right now, mark my words,
from this point onwards I give up on Kate."

### Friday, January 28th, 2022
"Sí, la neta sí.
Nadie está tan ocupada para no responder un mensaje.
O sea, qué le cuesta si _tanta emoción_ le da un mensaje tuyo."

I went into my contacts and deleted Kate's number from my phone.
Even after that, I kept thinking about the possibility of ironically asking her:
_so, how's the camping trip to Ontario?_

It'd be more pathetic than closure-giving.
I'm sure I'd regret it as soon as I'd send it.
What even could I expect to happen?
Either it'd also go ignored like the last text I sent to Flore,
or she'd play the fool and apologize for not replying this week— like the time
I asked her about my changing numbers.

Why would she keep talking to me and referring to the hypothetical future
meeting?
Why did she kiss me a second time before my departure?
Why would her cheeks change colour after she pulled away?

Will I reply to her if she eventually reaches out again,
be it a couple of days, or weeks from now?

In the morning Vanessa—I couldn't remember her name earlier today—sent me a
text asking me how I was.
I considered the idea of asking her again if she'd still be interested in the
threesome with his guy.
I know he might not be.
Most straight guy wouldn't—maybe even most bi, too.
I was surprised by her _I'm still down for you_.

I wasn't that attracted to her picture, but, being honest,
I wasn't either towards Flore's nor Kate's.

Will I go through all this shit with her, too?

Nico's the name of the guy that will sublet the room from Jose Luis.
He came this morning to see the apartment and the room.
Fortunately, he didn't come at 10h.

Although I woke up on my own close to 8h,
I stayed in bed and touched myself thinking what could happen with this new girl.
I came in my shorts and they got wet.
I should mention it when I talk to Dr Perera next time.

He had his nails painted black.
I know that doesn't mean anything necessarily, but would he be queer?
I sensed that both he and his cousin were a little messy with my pronouns sometimes.

I'm thinking about telling Alda again.

I thought telling her, no, asking her first if she've ever had a threesome,
and that I was tempted by the idea.

Do I have any Vodka left?
No, I finished the whole bottle that other day that I felt sick.

I keep thinking about Kate and I hate it.
I hate me because of it.

_It's a normal feeling to have._

Bullshit, the hell it is.
It's not normal to be feeling like this for a woman that I've seen twice and
kissed once.

_What did I do?_ I pretend to think, but fuck that.
I know what I did.
I came too strong.
The flirtatious texts weren't flirty but annoying and insistent and needy.
I'm starting to feel angry.
Why do I have to be like this?
Why can't I be better?

Why do I have to feel so lonely?

I sent Alex an email and considered writing another to Monica.

Aliza might still be in some other country.
I think I remember seeing something from her, about her, I don't know.

Kate posted a story today, I mean, she posted several.
The personal ones were about the meal that her roommate cooked.
Then she posted one of her more impersonal ones promoting other people's posts.
This time it was a collection of _places to meet queer women and nb peolple_.
I reacted with a _100_ emoji.
I thought the normal face with the heart eyes was too much.

I indeed found it useful.
Now that I think about it, even though it wasn't a conscious thought,
I can't say that I wasn't hoping she'd reply with something like
_for even more options!_

She didn't even see it.
She hasn't seen the message I sent her yesterday in the afternoon.
It was creepy, too, though.
So, I can see how she would purposefully ignore it.

I deleted the reaction.
I hope she didn't notice.
The thought about the possibility about hearing from her in the near future
gets dimmer and dimmer.

I considered sending a message to Eliseo,
but I also hated how I told everyone after our kiss.
It's like if the more people knew, the more real it became.

Maybe I can go out this weekend and take some pictures.

### Saturday, January 29th, 2022
"Hey Kate, are you, uh, like going on a weekend trip to Ontario?"

Today, again, it was one of those days.
I don't what I hate more sometimes,
if the situations that bring me down like this or my own weaknesses that make
me such a victim to these dark moments.

I slept most of the day.
I don't remember what I was dreaming those last few hours.
Does it really matter?
It's not like I actually believe that there is some hidden meaning into my own
psyche in those weird images and lives.

I remember being in the dark in Tijuana's house.
There was a problem with a laptop computer sitting in the kitchen and I
couldn't figure out the electricity breakers.

Am I really talking about dreams instead of the humiliation I felt after
sending two enormous text messages to Kate after deleting her phone number
precisely so I wouldn't contact her.

I saw the three blinking dots that meant she wasn't going to keep ignoring me
with this last plead of help.
Then they disappeared for those very brief moments of time that somehow feel huge,
which also meant that her answer would be uncomfortable.
I breathed deeply as if I were preparing for a hit in the chest,
I closed my eyes like I did a couple of days ago when I knew that the needle
was going to pierce my skin, and,
even though I knew the pain wouldn't kill me, I felt scared.

"Hey Sofía, I hope you're well! I'm not going to Ontario,
but I am not seeing much people and I do get anxious at too many messages.
I don't know if some of your stories about ghosting were about me or a crush
that isn't me, but I've been feeling pressured.
I'm already horrible at answering and staying constant with plans these days.
But I do hope my radio silence hasn't given you negative emotions!
And I'm sorry if it did!"

I barely read it once.
I started over-explaining in an almost incomprehensible ramble of ideas and
apologies.
I closed my phone after muting the conversation and put it away.
Did I fall asleep just then?
I didn't grab it again until the morning.

The last time I woke up it was around 13h or 14h.
I was crying when I saw Sonny's notifications in Snapchat.
It was a picture of her so I reciprocated with one of me.

I got up, and opened the conversation.
I didn't expect an answer but I didn't know if she'd seen the message.
She did.
I knew it wouldn't make me look nor feel any better,
and it certainly wouldn't do anything for her,
but I still decided to send another one.

And I was right, it didn't do me any good.
She saw it.
She didn't say anything.
I told her I wasn't expecting her to.

Did I really have a (hipo)manic episode?
I feel like that time when I was in Tae Kwon do.
I did something bad and got reprimanded.
Then I started crying about the pain of my recent surgery.

Am I using this as some sort of excuse for my shitty behaviour?

Why do I keep grabbing my phone?

I deleted Kate's conversation and don't have any evidence of what those messages said.
I remember asking her to tell me whenever she'd lose interest in me.
I asked her too if I could still reach out to her.
They were very pathetic.
In the last, more coherent one of today,
I remember telling her to scratch those requests.

"You don't owe me any explanations or friendship of anything after just two dates.

"I'd love to hear from you again in the future,
be it a week or a month or whenever, but it's also OK if I don't.
Sorry again, and thanks for being so nice about this."

Will I? Hear from her again?
I might still see her pictures and stories.
She hasn't blocked me—could I really blame her if she had?—so she probably won't.
Now that I read again her message it feels so carefully worded,
and yet I'm sure she doesn't plan them nor think much about them.

I hate how nice she was.
I hate how even after this,
I can read her and have the smallest and pitiful bit of hope that I will hear
from her.

I shouldn't.
I am even considering blocking her just so she won't be able to.

### Sunday, January 30th, 2022
"Disculpa estos doce días de silencio, aunque no me lo creas,
a lo mejor tu narcisismo sí, estos días he estado pensando en tus mensajes
y formulando en mi mente una respuesta.
Porque, ¿sabes? Me siento presionada por darte una respuesta igual de brillante
a la tuya, efectos de la idealización,
ya que desde que te conozco te considero una mujer muy inteligente con un
sarcasmo que no haya cambiado en el transcurso de los años
(seguro aquí vas a sonreír, porque pienso que es algo inherente a ti)."

I feel the need to tell everyone, again, what happened with Kate even though
I'm also embarrassed by it.
Why do I have this need to share something that I wish wouldn't have happened?

Even though I told myself that I would stop publishing Instagram stories after
feeling humiliated by the oversharing nature of the past ones and the
transparency of their references, I kept doing it today.

Kate mentioned feeling pressured by the ones related to ghosting.
I felt seen and not in a good way.
At the same time, isn't that what I really wanted?
I knew then that she actually stops to see what they say.
Maybe not all, maybe not always.

I still look for her name in the list of people to satisfy an unreachable
itch of being thought of.

_I will not forget about you!_, she told me once.
It was a response about how I would keep texting her so she wouldn't.
She added it as an afterthought and yet it made me smile more than the rest of
her response.

It's been almost two months since the last time that I saw her.
I probably won't see her before that mark and I'll possibly won't see her again at all.
I won't feel better until I let myself be OK with the idea that it is over.
That whatever happens, there's nothing else I can do to force it.
I already have done too much to make it awkward.

I keep going back to the picture of that last message as if trying to find some
hope in it.
Why am I so reluctant to being alone?
To whom, and what am I trying to prove when I'm looking into having sex?
Why does the word _normal_ keep coming to my head?

I am not normal.
Not because I can't have sex like the cis people—or other trans people.

Tomorrow I'll see Calli.
Thinking back again into these past few days,
the idea of having an hypomanic episode just feels like an idea to excuse my
behavior, a label to put on the actions and feelings that I don't want to own.
_It wasn't me, see, I wasn't thinking straight._

I feel uncomfortable that I keep thinking about her,
writing about her here and to so many people,
that I have this unbearable urge to reach out and get a response from her.
I think how she can leave my messages for the next day—or week—,
how she must not think about me with anyone of her life,
and that most probably the choice of seeing me again is not even a choice at all.

I feel my eyes getting full,
but I'm not sure if I want to cry of sadness or shame.

I wish I could find someone that feels to me the way I do about her.

Sonny does and I pushed her away.
Girls on the apps have started to show those tendencies and those were the
reasons that I discarded them.

She was the one that sent me the first message and proposed meeting.
I wasn't even that excited about seeing her that first evening.
When Alda asked me how the date had gone, I sincerely didn't know myself.

When did I start to get these intense feelings?
Was it her message about feeling the same way?
Was it, on the other hand, her mentions to a future meeting mixed with a cool
indifference to when or if it would ever happen?

Was it the kiss or the faint promise of something more?
Was that what the red blush meant to me, a promise,
or was it the interest that I was looking for?

_Silly crappy pandemic._

Maybe after things go down again.
Maybe if I am able to let the weeks go by without doing anything more she might
some day send something casual like she did those days between Christmas and
New Year's Eve.

Or, perhaps, by then, it really won't matter.

