# 2022 — 29 years old

## November, 2022

### Wednesday, November 2nd, 2022
I am starting on the second day of the month.
Feels augurous that, no matter how hard I try to keep at it,
it will end up being meaningless in relation to completing the full month.

That sentence makes no sense.

Louis said once that writing is all about putting your ideas in order.
There's nothing more to it.

My wine tastes like vinegar.
Lately I've been eating more salads.
It's ironic that I have also been gaining weight somehow.
The aftertaste of the wine is similar to the shitty flavor that lingers in my
mouth every other bite with the salad dressing that I have been using.

I craved wine because I wanted to mute the feelings.
I say in therapy how I want to be more in touch with my emotions,
but at the first notice of anything coming from within I shut it down with
drugs or alcohol.

For a while I stopped looking for distractions in going out with strangers.

The last time that I had shrooms I came to the realization that it's a
desperate try to convince myself that I am desirable.
A non-awful non-unlovable person.
What other choice would I have but accept myself,
if I find someone who actively decides to share my company?

I am hating these words.
The whole purpose of them is to be uncensored.
A similar attempt to free-association.
The other day the thought crossed my mind about missing my time with René.
Talking about everything and nothing,
let the emotions and thoughts flow.
He reprimanded me once about how I wasted all that time talking about
nothing but school and inconsequential stuff.

It was very similar to how my mom would scold me about pretending to be an idiot
when it had not been intention at all.
Were my defenses unconscious yet strong or was I really an idiot?

It's not even half of the mark and I am ready to drop this.
I have nothing to say.
There is no point.

I feel depressed, maybe.

I am considering stopping with my medication.

Yesterday I got an e-mail notifying me that the insurance company had come to
a resolution regarding my latest claim.
Usually that means that they have deposited the money from my prescriptions.
This time the amount was much less than what I was expecting.
Instead of the 150 dollars, it was less than 50.
Just the hormones were registered in the application.
I browsed the previous claims and deposits and every time all three of them
were resolved on the same day, at the same time.

Will this be an issue going forward?
How convenient for them that the most expensive medication is the one that
was not covered.

I considered waiting until today and call the number in the application.
I wrote an email instead and schedule it to be sent this morning.

It was not.
I had to send it manually by noon.

I was going to go to Thomson house with Alda today,
but in the end she changed her mind.

I went to the lab instead and attended the Feindel brain and cognition seminar.
Today it was a talk given by a friend of Louis.
He sent us an e-mail saying he expected to see us there.
Most of the lab was there.

Yesterday we did go to Thomson house.
I asked Alda again if she planned to renew the lease.
She said no.
We talked then about looking for a different place together.
How could we tell Jose Luis, he would surely take it badly if he knew that
Alda and I are leaving and looking for a place together.

I did not care, even though, were I in his place,
I would definitely take it personal.

I have French class again tomorrow.
I am considering sending an e-mail that I won't be able to attend.

I cannot think of any viable reason why.
I haven't gotten a single cheque.
I am still not sure if I am going to receive 15 or 25 dollars per day of class.

I am still struggling with money and here I am thinking about moving to a different,
probably much more expensive apartment.

What the fuck am I thinking?

This week a med student texted me in one of the apps.

"Please text me again" she said that night.

I did and, two days later, haven't gotten a response.

I texted the latest French girl.

Do I even want to meet any of them?

What the fuck is it that I want?

### Sunday, November 6th, 2022
It didn't stay, the urge to continue writing.

I feel both the urging need of writing something and the frustration
about having nothing in particular to say.
