# 2022 — 29 years old

## July, 2022

### Tuesday, July 19th, 2022
"Tengo un agujero en el pecho, un vacío que me está tragando por dentro.
Tal vez se me dificulta describir cómo me siento porque no queda nada ya.
Estos días soy solo piel y grasa y hueso."

Without checking, I am not sure if it was a full month since the last time I wrote.
Nothing has happened; nothing ever happens.
Time keeps passing by and my life keeps slipping through.

I am almost 30 years old and I feel like a failure.

Therapy is almost over.
Did I ever write about how I stop seeing Calli to focus with Oren?
That is coming to a close.
He proposed that I continue seeing him after inquiring about insurance.
I lied to him and told him that I sent an e-mail that went ignored.
Even if it were true that after august it would be a clean slate and I would
be able to claim his sessions with insurance,
I doubt it would make any real difference.

It's not just the words, as I just wrote to Monica, I can't seem to write anything.
It is like my thoughts, just as my emotions, are muted.

I get frustrated by the block and feel an explosion in my throat and upper
chest that drives me to tears.

I sent her a very brief e-mail telling her that I am lost.

Yesterday, again, I brushed the razor against my thigh.

This time a very short but red streak appeared.
It was unintentional, but that word feels like a lie.
I put the razor against my skin with half intentions, like an empty promise.

With Calli, in our short keep-up sessions,
we talked about ways I could treat myself and help me in these low times.
One of those suggestions—she always ends up needing to suggest something after
I come up empty—was just letting myself sit and the emotions come and wash
me over; 5 minutes, even putting an alarm if needed.

Does this count?
Does the bottle of Vodka that I joked would be my dinner after our groceries
were delayed—again, for the second time—cancel it out?

Do I use alcohol as a self-medication to my depressive mood or a
debilitation to my over-worked judging self?

These words are supposed to be uncensored and free,
yet I feel bothered by this thought that keeps me from writing about the women
I've dated or their rejections.

I deleted the apps; again.
I will not try to fool myself by pretending that I have deleted them for good.
I have just had enough.
I am sick of being rejected and feeling disgusting.
I am tired of going out and feeling apathetic to the empty suggestion of
meeting again by the girl who didn't spark anything in me.

I met Héloïse.
She stayed the night and Nico—who today just left Canada—asked me if she was a
one-night-stand outside the _dépanneur_ the last night I saw him before the
candle game.

She wore my shorts and t-shirt.
She cried her failed relationship on my bed,
with a face contorted in pain and snot dripping down her nose.
I heard her speak in french to her bank and her potential job offers
while I uncomfortably texted with Alda about her overstaying and considering
kicking her out.

She texted me later that afternoon and then again a couple of days after.

When I offered her to stay the night,
she was bothered by my addendum of _with no intentions_ to the choice of
sleeping in my bed instead of the couch.

"She was not made of porcelain", she assured me.

After wondering how to say it without being blunt, she settled on saying
she was sick of this predatory feelings related to sexuality.

If I wanted to have sex with her,
I could just make my move and she would just tell me no and continue as if
nothing had happened.

There was no need for this silly dance.

Although she hit a sensitive point, her argument was sound.

I want to tell myself that I had no intentions of making any move since I lost
all attraction given her unshaven legs and musky smell,
or her failed relationship talk.

It's nonsense, though, given how I grabbed her wandering hand when it
emigrated to my pillow and considered yesterday asking her whether
she had been disappointed or relieved by my lack of moves.

I did not.
The question is moot and it was mostly driven by the soft rejection I got from
Jessica, the Brazilian married girl.

Did I wanted her to say that she was disappointed so I would feel less
unattractive or was I expecting her to unrealistically confess that she was
relieved and confirm my own unfair self-judging?

