# 2024 — 31 years old

## April, 2024

### Thursday, April 4th, 2024
"...our date. Currently waiting on a huge batch of bloodwork to figure out what's going on (also, sorry for ghosting since then, I have been struggling to stay in touch with folks, so I'm probably going to be taking it easy from here and am definitely not in a place to actually be dating while I get my stuff together physically.)"

I had invited Alda and Aliza to come to my house on Sunday. I first invited Alda. She suggested to tell Aliza and Vero about my plans to get stupidly drunk. I decided not to tell Vero due to the embarrasment I feel about doing all this for a girl I barely know. Aliza had plans with Liana about going Karaoke-ing, so she said she might join us depending on the time.

The night before, as I decided to not open Sophie's text, I thought how I could wait until the next day that Alda would be here. I was sitting on the couch already changed and with make-up on my face, phone in hand, and I was aware that depending on the content of the text, I might cancel the night out and stay home. I felt it coming.

The next day, Alda ended up not coming and I spent the evening just with Aliza.

I finished a bit more than half of the bottle of Amaretto all by myself. I did not puke this time.

It's Thursday, the bottle is not yet empty, but it might be before I finish this journal entry.

I did not answer the text until Monday morning. By then—maybe even Tuesday—I was still fantasizing about the possible scenarios that would lead me to hear back from Sophie in the future. Alda liked my idea of ending my response with a gentle don't lose my number. Aliza convinced me it was better to drop it.

I don't remember when exactly in this time window on which I haven't written did I open the apps again. My oldest Tinder match is from March 30th. Facts say that I recreated my profiles even before opening Sophie's text. It still feels wrong, somehow.

I went on three dates with Sophie in a period of four months. She came and left my life without me telling her that I am trans.

In these past week that I am again dating, I haven't gone out with a single person yet, but I've come out _ times.

Jay, Kayla, Marie-Anne, Eva, Gabrielle, Sy, Typhaine.

I, just like two years ago, am trying to fill something void inside me with empty promises of sex—or is it affection?—from strangers.

Jay was one of the first matches I had. Her conversation dates back to the 30th. I started it asking her to specify what kind of good times she was looking for. She mentioned both casual dates and hooking up. For the first time since I've opened the app, I told her I was not interested in dating and wanted just casual sex.

My forwardness, like later me disclosing that I am trans, did not put her off. She asked me if I wanted to continue chatting in the app or if I wanted to meet in person right off—I remember now; I considered meeting her but I told her I had just 30 minutes to continue talking before I had to leave to meet my friends for a night of dancing. Sophie's notification came right in the middle of that conversation.

I must have already talked about Jay, then, since I remember now how I wrote about the notification in my entry from last month.

We were supposed to meet today. I sent her a text—this time after reading Sophie's—later in the week asking her if she was free to meet some day soon. She told me how she had just put her dog down, so, while she was down to meet, sex would have to wait a bit longer. We tentatively agreed on meeting today, but purposefully I gave her the option to confirm this morning.

"It's a bit stupid : with the fatigue, my emotions are fluctuating more than usual and the snow brings back memories (my dog loved playing in the snow) and grief in a stronger wave. I know it's not really stupid, but it feels reductive to say it like that."

Of course I had no issue with it, and I let her know.

Kayla was another of my first matches from that first night. In her profile it says how she's looking for hook ups and can host.

"Heyy, you're cute and just looking for a hook-up?" I sent her. "Also is that a bee suit?"

She replied the following afternoon about how she used to do beekeeping. After asking me if I have ever tried it, she continued.

"And I think you're cute, too. Yeah, just looking for a hook up. Wanna come over to my place sometime, have a drink and some fun ?"

I told her that I would love to and then, like an afterthought, disclosed that I am trans. I haven't heard from her since and probably never will.

Marie-Anne and Eva are the two francophones—Québécoise the former, French the latter—with whom I chatted on Tuesday before falling asleep. While Marie-Anne's match takes precedence, I'll talk about Eva first.

After we matched on Hinge, I asked her—in English—how long has she been in Montréal. We talked about our hometowns and feeling homesick. We continued talking about the beauty of Europe, travelling, and the difficulty of making québecois friends.

For one moment, the conversation turned awkward when, after talking about languages I asked her about her French accent. I confessed that I sometimes wished my hispanic accent in English were stronger at the same time that I am insecure about my strong accent in French, which is not cute unlike the French accent in English.

"Whenever I take you out," I started, "I won't know if asking to talk in English to hear your accent or in French to practice my conversation skills and prove it to you."

"I think that you don't have to worry about that. English is not our first language, I have my accent and I am not bilingual. As long as I am understood that's ok and I can improve.

"Et alors veux-tu parler un peu en français ?"

The rest of the conversation we continued in French. We talked about our jobs—my PhD and hers in dubbing—and my tendency to push people away.

"J'espère que je t'ai pas fait peur avec ma fixation avec l'accent français ou mes red flags prématurés. Salut ! Texte-moi bientôt si tu veux", I sent her after apologizing about going to bed.

"Oh non du tout. Bonne nuit, à très vite." She replied. I decided to let her text me again. I am not sure yet if I believe she will.

My chat with Marie-Anne back in tinder that same night started in French. That same Tuesday, the next day, I picked it back up from the silence.

"Dis-moi que tu parles anglais aussi, je sais pas comment bien flirter en français."

The conversation easily continued the rest of the night in English, until, just like with Eva, I apologized about having to go to bed and asked her to text me soon.

"We can continue in French or I can try to actually be flirty to make the English worthwhile."

"Is it soon enough?" She sent me the next day before noon. As easy as we had started, we have continued talking until this moment.

Gabrielle's conversation started in Hinge—where we first matched—that same Tuesday evening and has continued sporadically throughout the week with quick exchanges of questions and answers.

"J'ai voulu voir si c'etait match ici aussi, haha, appli de rencontres bingo," I sent her on Tinder where we matched as well shortly after.

"Clairement c'est un signe." She said.

It wasn't.

Today she asked me out in a similar way to how I did Tirza.

"I had a plan that got cancelled for tonight if ever you are interested for drinks. I live in Hochelaga."

I thought it would be the perfect time to come out. I did not feel as attracted to her, so where it to go badly, it wouldn't be much of a loss.

"I'd like to see you, but, before scheduling the date, just to let you know since it's not obvious from the pics, I'm trans.

"I used to have this personal rule—that I seemed to be breaking a lot lately—about telling before the first date, in case it's a deal breaker not to waste either of our times."

"Oh okay, thanks for telling me. I have never been on a date with a trans person before. I already dated a non binary person who was a lesbian. I am gay. To me this means I am attracted to women. Or a person who identifies as a woman I guess. But if you have not completely transitioned, I honestly don't know if I can be attracted to you sexually. I feel bad saying this. And it must be hard for you to have to tell people about it. If you don't want to tell me that's very okay, too.

"I would be interested in meeting you anyway. I think we could have nice conversations as friends, and then see where it brings us. I am not closed about romance. I just honestly don't know if I will be attracted or not."

I tried to reassure her, answer her indirect question about my genitals, and try to clarify what she meant.

She offered to send me an audio after asking me if I understood French. I felt anxious about not understanding her and about what her words would say.

In her audio she talked about being attracted to the physical characteristics of women, their bodies; their voices. She reiterated that she was not sure at what level could she feel that attraction towards a trans woman. I completely got her.

"Can I have an audio from you too? If you want."

She sent a second audio while I was trying to gather the will to do it and overcome my intense feeling of being evaluated on something that, even after 8 years of hormones, I still feel insecure about.

In my audio I told her that I was down to meet her, but preferred to keep it completely platonic. I didn't want to put myself through feeling inspected or risking not being woman enough.

I rejected her proposal to meet this evening with the excuse that I had already made it home and didn't want to go out the snow again. I proposed instead meeting during the weekend or next week. She said her weekend was busy, but next week we could see.

I didn't push it further. I am even less convinced than with Eva that I will hear from her again.

The complete conversation with Sy has been in French. It also started on Tuesday. It started fairly uneventful until she took a subtle turn after I asked her what plans awaited for her after work.

"Repos hihi, Live je me questionne quant au fait de m'amuser un peu avec moi-même."

We didn't exchanged much texts during my French course. After it ended, I tried to pick it back up, leaving subtlety behind.

"Alors, tu as-tu trouvé l'envie de t'amuser ou pas ce soir ? Après ce long jour, je suis moi-même tenté de voler ton idée."

I didn't hear back from her until this evening, when she came back to tell me that she, in fact, had had some fun. I asked her if she does it always by herself. Sometimes with someone, sometimes remotely.

After Gabrielle, I wanted to disclose it to someone whom I didn't care as much before someone with whom I did, like Marie-Anne.

"T'es-tu déjà amusée ave une personne trans ?"

"C'est arrivé. J'en déduit que la question a un but précis."

Later, when I spelled it out, she said it did not change a thing for her.

That is not true. I told Marie-Anne first.

"This might come out of nowhere, but I am trans. I know it's not apparent from the pics—I love and hate that—I just wanted to let you know now, sooner than later."

"I don't mind ! Tu es toujours aussi charmante." She took it in a much better way than I would have expected.

Saturday, April 6th, 2024 ===
"So then do you have plans for your week beginning?"

"Not really."

"Do you want some?"

I gave myself a shot today.

It's been three years since I gave myself the last shot. I was probably still living on Berri Street, on that small studio by the metro station.

Two weeks ago when I filled my prescription for hormones, instead of giving me 60 small blue estrogen pills, they must have given me 30. Right now there's only around 13 left in the bottle despite there still being almost three weeks until the time to refill the prescription again.

Yesterday, I went to the lab. We had a meeting with Boris to talk about his high-resolution data. I was the first to arrive in the office. That morning I did not stop at the bakery, since I would meet with Alda for lunch.

I went to Louis' office around 10h to confirm that the meeting was at 10h30. He said yes and that he was working on the HVR manuscript. Neda arrived not much later.

The meeting went fine. I could write about my feelings of insecurity, how I felt that I could have entirely missed that meeting and it would have gone exactly the same, how I contributed nothing to the conversation. But I won't.

Raúl was there. He was late to the meeting. He started as a post-doc at Boris' lab after finishing his PhD back in Querétaro. Once, while Aliza and I met him at Thomson House, he was drunkenly telling us that Boris had offered him a job as a research fellow. Data architect.

The day before I had my appointment with Dr Franck. I had it in the hallway outside the Viper Pit. I had checked to see if the videocalls cabin was available. It was not. At 10h30 exactly I opened the Teams app on my phone and saw that I had a missed call from Dr Franck. I redial it and he picked it up. It lasted the usual 5 minutes.

He renewed my prescription for another month. I will go back to taking the 40 miligrams at night, hoping that the sleeping pills will alleviate the insomnia. I suspect that the anguish I feel after taking them can be lowered by taking them just after a larger meal. His prescription was still for two 20 mg pills, so I can go back to splitting them if it doesn't work.

Not much after the meeting ended I left the lab. I asked Neda about why there were so few subjects in the dataset she gave me. It turns out most of the 800 timepoints were filtered out because they were not Amyloid positive. She explained how she had problems fitting the model with all subjects, but she reran her script for me with the full dataset anyway. It converged.

I took the 24 bus and met Alda at café Aunja a couple of streets below from where we used to share an apartment. I had considered eating there, but in the end I just ordered ginger tea.

I got an e-mail from Louis that he had finished with the HVR manuscript. After just some small changes, it was ready for submission.

I showed Alda the conversation with Gabrielle. She agreed that her first instinct was to overexplain her own thoughts. I shared with her Aliza's comments about her not intending to be mean, and how I did not blame her for the awkwardness of it all. When we got to her asking me to send her a voice message she said that action was, indeed, kind of mean.

We sat there, on a table by the window, talking and having our drinks.

Instead of ordering a sandwich we came up with the plan of going to Osmo X Marusan and eat there.

We took the 24 bus, but this time in the opposite direction. She paid for her fare with two loonies.

When we got to the place, we realized that all of the tables were full. I just used their toilettes and we left again.

I realized we were not too far from Arepera, so we ate there.

I considered ordering a beer with my food, but for drinks it was better going to Bifteck. I could not convince Alda, so we just had our meals.

We walked to the metro station. She put some tickets on her metro card and I went to the platforms to take the metro. There was a train standing there with its doors open. I hurried to get in.

The service was stopped in order to grab something that had fallen on the rails. The wait was not very long.

The day before, not much later of Dr Franck's call, I got a call from the pharmacy notifying me that they had gotten the prescription. After what I understood was her asking me if I wanted to pick up the medication, I asnwered that I could pass for it the next day. She said that she would have them ready.

I passed to the pharmacy after getting off at station Jarry. I walked to the counter and told the lady I was there to pick up a prescription for Sofia Fernandez. She went to check and did not find it. She asked me for my phone number to look into the system. A second woman came and asked me when had I called to pick up the prescription. I repeated that they had called me the day before to inform me they had gotten my prescription and I told them that I could come pick it up today. She apologized. I went back to sit down and wait.

After around 15-20 minutes, they first woman called me by my last names. I saw two plastic prescription bottles instead of the original ones like last month. I thought they were going to give me the hormones and started to get anxious about having to explain that I was there for the new prescription that had just arrived.

Instead, a third woman asked me if I had no insurance. I answered that I did have insurance, Croix Blueu. I hesitated at first after thinking I had mixed up the order of the words, but I said it correctly. She confirmed that it was normal then that I would pay for the total amount of 200 CAD. I said it was.

"C'est cinque semaines.," she asked in a statement rather than a question.

I didn't understand what she meant and my face let her know.

"C'est juste pour cinque semaines," she said again without adding any more context. "Cinque semaines," she repeated slowly once more thinking that my confusion was due to the language.

I looked at the bottles again and remembered that my next meeting with Dr Franck was in a month. The two pieces of the puzzle fitted right together.

"Oh, oui, c'est correct," I finally said.

I paid, denied needing a bag, and left.

In the afternoon I started to feel like shit given that I realized that I would certainly not be able to go back again and letting them know that they had given me half of my prescription. The first excuse my brain goes to is the language. But even in English, I wouldn't dare to do it.

I feel frustrated. I feel like an idiot. I feel like a piece of shit and I hate myself.

I have a week's worth of hormones that should last me three.

I considered halving the dosage, taking only one of the two daily pills. I would still need to go a week without estrogen anyway.

I remembered how a couple of weeks ago, when I checked the old medications, I saw the expiration of the injectable estrogen was not until 2025. Back in Mexico I would give myself shots every two weeks—or was it three?

I will need to see Dr Perera soon. Probably in May. I decided to give myself the shot today and pick up the pills in two weeks. That will give myself enough time to readjust to the normal levels of the usual dosage by the time that I schedule the bloodwork in a month.

I miss giving myself shots. There is this strange feeling in my thigh right now that somehow feels nostalgic.

What did I do last night?

I think I went to bed early. I did not have any meaningful conversations in the apps. No new promising people.

I asked Marie-Anne about her chaotic schedule. I had thought about asking her if she had plans for the weekend, but I wasn't sure she even got the weekends off. When she said she has Sundays and Mondays free, I instead asked her what was it that she was looking for in the apps. She gave me a vague answer following her sharing she had just gotten out of a long toxic relationship.

This morning I asked her out. We're meeting tomorrow at the café that I passed and promised myself I would look up online the day that I wandered in Parc Jarry.

### Sunday, April 7th, 2024
"Hi ! I really had a lovely afternoon with you. We can do this again after my trip, if you want."

We agreed to meet at Oui mais non at 14h.

I went to bed pretty early and, despite waking up with the sun, I did not get out of bed until my alarm at 11h.

The snow has now mostly melted. I wore the red top with white lacing on the sleeves over a blue pair of jeans. The weather was warm enough not to wear my red coat. I did not feel as attractive or as confident as I would like for a first date.

I broke the last wine glass that I bought from Amazon. My hand slipped taking down my water bottle to the edge of the glass. I lost more than half of my night drink.

I left 15 minutes before 13h. Part of me wanted to arrive after her, leave the stress of finding where to sit to someone else. When did I start worrying about finding an available table at bars and cafés?

I was around the metro station when I read her text in Tinder telling me that she'd be a couple minutes late.

I passed the bakery and the pharmacy. I walked the rest of the streets listening to my iPod.

When I gave her the option, Marie-Anne said that the café was from the same owner as La graine brûlée.

I got inside and walked to the bar. I ordered myself a large latte. While the bariste prepared it, I glanced around for empty seats. There were two big communal tables with available seats, but nothing contiguous. All of the stools were available at the bar. I saw there was a small table for two available next to a girl working on her laptop. I hesitated taking it given the closeness to the table to its left.

When I got my glass of coffee, I walked towards that table and sat down.

Not long after I sat down, the girl's companion came back to the table on my left and sat down.

Around 5 minutes later of being on my phone making use of the Wi-Fi, Marie-Anne came through the door. She turned around and recognized me. She came to the table and I stood up to hug her.

We sat down and started our date in English. Most of the rest of the tables were seating people working on their laptops, deep in their work. All of the conversations in our surrounding were in French. I felt like our English was louder. I couldn't help feeling as if it were an intruder, as if it was not welcome.

I told her that we could switch to English whenever she wanted. Whenever she couldn't find the words, she could say the phrase in French. Only rarely would she take my offer. Was this how Alexia felt when I spoke in French because she didn't want to speak English?

Once, in the second or third phrase in French she let out, I responded to her in French to ease her mind a little. Later she commented that my French sounded good. When the date was close to end and she mentioned the parks by her neighborhood in Anjou, I thought about offering going next somewhere close to her, maybe next time we could do it in French. I swallowed the thought and just waited for the light to cross the street to turn green.

We stayed in the café for around an hour. Before answering her last question, I interrupted myself to offer her if she wanted to walk around a little bit. We put our jackets back on and left. I guided us to turn left towards Parc Jarry.

We walked in there and my arm would sometimes brush hers. We walked to the fountain and we sat in one of the benches to enjoy the sun and the view.

We talked for the rest of our date. I don't think I ever felt self-conscious about the silences.

A small girl in a bycicle approached us and wanted to ask us something.

"Are you from the United States?"

She looked at her and replied in French that she was actually Québécoise.

The girl kept looking at her while she replied that she meant me.

Her mom, sitting on the bench to my right, started explaining that it was because of my accent. I told both of them that I was actually mexican. She wondered then if all Mexicans sound like me. I explained that I grew up by the border at the same time that I thought about all the people in Tijuana who don't speak English.

She asked me for the time and my watch said 17h05. She had some stuff to do at her house. I offered to walk her to the metro station and explained that it was on my way.

When we got to the door we hugged again and she offered to follow each other on Instagram.

She's going for three weeks to guadeloupe. We'll probably see each other after she returns.

### Monday, April 8th, 2024
"Sofía, you are woman enough."

I had my dinner and completely forgot about the pills. have been noticing that the side effects are stronger when I take the pills at the beginning of dinner, compared to right after finishing the meal. I guess this can be another experiment to see how long can I wait after eating the food without having the stronger anguish and tiredness.

Last night, after taking the 40 milligrams, I slept and woke up at 4h. This time, unlike those when I first started taking the sleeping pills, it was not as easy to get back to sleep.

Eventually I did.

I got up at around 8h. My appointment with Calli was at 10h30. I showered and put on my contacts. The plan was to see the eclipse with Alda. Last week I got us two pairs of glasses, she picked them up a couple of days ago. I put on a gray t-shirt with my blue jeans.

I brewed coffee and passed by the bakery on my way to McGill. The 144 bus left me up the hill at Peel, but even walking down to Dr Penfield, I had enough time to had my croissant and coffee before my session.

There was a guy who received my information before my appointment. He asked me if I had seen a counselor in person as he was not aware that after 3 years, this would be the last time that I would.

I met Calli. I did not tell her about finding a new therapist right away. I talked about waking up in the morning and about my appointment with Dr Franck. I don't remember if I talked about Sophie before. Probably not.

I can't remember how was the subject brought up. It was probably about my choice of taking the antipsychotics again after suspending them. She had asked me if I thought they were worthy. I replied truthfully that I did not believe it. Still, I actively chose to take them again.

And just like that, after deciding of taking care of my mental health, I had found another therapist with whom I could have more frequent sessions.

I had been afraid that the last session would then turn into a session completely dedicated to closure and talk about how I've changed.

It was not like that.

I talked about how things ended with Sophie. That last message and my active choice of not letting myself think that it didn't mean anything other than a definite end. That was the reason that Aliza told me to drop the don't lose my number line—even though it would have meant absolutely nothing, since the message, to this day, remains unopened.

When I talked about the differences between this fixation and the one from two years ago, Calli asked me what else could I have done differently. What have I learned from this. Where I set boundaries, what would they be.

I talked then about my rule of disclosing my gender situation bfeore the first meeting. The decision to not let what happened with Sophie—who after three days and four months, might have never surely known—happen again. I told her about the different reactions in this new round of people whom I've encountered in the apps. I didn't mention Jay's opennes and sincere curiosity. I mentioned the ghosting of the second hook-up proposal. Mostly, I talked about Gabrielle, her panic-induced rambling, her subtle and indirect inquiries, and her request to hear my voice.

I told Calli how I felt. I told her that after thinking it, and even though I proposed meeting completely platonically, I have decided that the best is that our meeting never happens.

"I don't wanna put myself through having to prove that I am woman enough for anybody."

We talked then about these past years, and how she has noticed changes.

She broke up or closing remarks for a final intervention that brought me to tears.

"When you say how I am enough, the first thought that crosses my mind is I know. But, honestly..."

"You don't fully believe it."

"No."

For the first time in three years, I got out of Calli's office without saying I will see you soon.

I texted Alda and we set to meet at the dépanneur by my old building. I walked the way that I hadn't walked back in a long time. It was much shorter than I had estimated. I waited for Alda at the parking lot of the store. I saw her traversing the dog park. We had plenty of time.

She bought a bottle a water, a can of white claw and snicker's bar. Myself, I got a can of cider, a bottle of ginger kombucha and a sour cream, onion and herbs Miss Vickies' bag of chips.

We climbed the mountain and did the mini-hike towards Lac aux castors. First, we went to the café des amis. I got myself a hot-dog. I had been craving one. It was expensive and it took a really long time to get it. There were a couple of families ahead of me in line who had ordered a bunch of food. That not being enough, my hot-dog stayed there, ignored, for around 5 minutes, before they finally announced it.

"I probably would have asked someone to get it for me," told me Alda.

It was cold, and definitely not worth the almost 8 dollars after taxes and tip. I did enjoy it, though.

I made a quick stop at the restrooms. We headed outside.

We found a spot around the lake, where we sat on Alda's scarf as a made-up blanket. We kept track of the time until the start of the eclipse. Alda had her camcorder with her. We would take some short clips of each other and the people surrounding us.

When we got to the park, it seemed kind of empty. Alda was convinced that it would fill up closer to 15h, when the eclipse would have started.

Marie-Anne told me yesterday how the news coverage would be at Jean-dreapeu.

When I was at Alda's, waiting for her to roll an extra joint, I was sitting on the couch in their living room. José was doing something in the kitchen. We had some small talk. He asked us if we were going to see the eclipse and where. Himself, he might look at it around McGill, since he had to be at his lab. I told him that we had considered going to Jean-Dreapeau, but decided it against it in the end.

I was sitting on the damp scarf when I saw a TikTok of the huge crowd agglomerating at station Berri-UQAM. It looked like a metro station in Mexico City.

We saw the eclipse. We counted the minutes and glanced up the sky with every 10% increase until there were clapping and cheers when the time came to take our glasses off. Everything around us became dark and colder.

Last week, I couldn't have cared less about the eclipse. I saw Vlad and Neda pick up their glasses and just decided to order ours from Amazon as an afterthought.

How wrong I was.

How many important experiences in my life have I missed because I did not give them the importance they deserved?

I texted with—how is it that I can't even remember her name?

I have been texting with Paty. I flirt both with her and with the idea of going to Mexico City this summer.

My mom texted me this afternoon, too. She wanted to let me know that she had talked with surgeon and they recommend extracting the wisdom teeth in two separate sessions with a week of recovery after each of them.

I thought about the message a couple of days ago from Raquel, telling me about La marcha lencha. I dismissed the idea telling her that it was a bit far from me.

But, what if?

What if, instead of travelling to San Diego, I went a week before July to Mexico City. I checked the flights and they were around 250 USD, one way, direct. I could stay at Sonny's, hang out with Paty, maybe even go to their parade. I could travel to Tijuana, maybe even with the rest of the girls if they chose to go the vinyards in the beginning of the month. Were that the case, I'd had the rest of July to have the surgeries and to recover before flying up north to Philadelphia and then to Montréal after the conference.

I haven't bought anything. I just proposed the idea to the group chat of the trip, and shared it with Paty and even Raquel.

I am starting to feel the side effects of the pills. It's not as strong, but it's still there.

I could have something else to eat right now. Maybe that could help, but probably not. I am just hungry.

I have been hungry a lot.

I had the croissant, the hot-dog and the bag of chips, the burrito. I have been eating more than usual. I should remember telling Dr Franck about my worries about gaining w


### Tuesday, April 9th, 2024
"Couches are more comfortable than the grass, but the thrill of being in hte open makes it more exciting, I guess. Now I am conflicted.

"Where would you prefer we make out?"

After having side effects by the end of the words—which even though I finished 1500, the website didn't let me make up for one of the missing days—I woke up at 3h and struggled to get back to sleep.

I had therapy with Fabiola today, thus I could postpone the alarm and stay most of the morning in bed.

I was confused at first at what time was my session with her. The event in my calendar marked 12h, but one of the earlier messages in our conversation was her confirmation for our session at 11h—I checked and there's a 2h time difference between here and Mexico City.

I brewed and had my coffee in the hour I had free after getting out bed and the start of the session.

In the morning, while I was still in bed, I got two new messages in Tinder. One was from Marie following up on my comment and response to her Fuck, Marry, Kill game of three date ideas. The other was a response from Marine, the French woman who is on Québec on a work permit and is currently in a town 70 km away from Montréal.

I responded to both of them but only the conversation with Marie kept going. We talked about our potential date either at a park or at one of our apartments. She proposed doing both, starting in the park and moving on to one of our places. Unfortunately, there is gonna rain the rest of the week.

"Let's stick to making out on a couch until the sun comes out again then."

We continued the banter talking about the show or movie that we would not watch. She proposed a scary movie that would give us the excuse to get close to each other for comfort. At the same time she asked me what was the stuff that I usually watched and I answered her about my taste for silly comedies, depressing dramas or mysterious thrillers.

I had my session with Fabiola. I spoke about how I couldn't sleep very well and my troubles with the medication. One of my homeworks was just about the stuff that I could be grateful about my body.

I briefly mentioned that my situation with Sophie ended, but after talking about it at depth yesterday, I didn't feel the need to do it again today.

I did not talk about what happened with my pharmacy and the need to inject myself with old estrogen.

She suggested that my sleeping issues might be due to anxiety and wondered if there was anything on my mind lately. I mentioned the committee meeting and my trip to get my wisdom teeth out.

I was the one who brought up the homework, how I really tried to do it, but fell shortly. Neither Aliza nor Sonny got back to me with the responses to my inquiry. I don't remember if I got to ask Alda.

I cried during the end of the session, but I don't recall the reason behind it.

A silly comedy was another option we could use, she Marie had said while I was in session. I added that it shouldn't be too funny otherwise we would get distracted from getting distracted.

"Absolutely, we got to keep our priorities straight. Since we ourselves are not."

"Talking about what we aren't, unless we get to third base it wouldn't make much of a difference, but I'm trans FYI—no need to get awkward if it's a dealbreaker."

Much quicker than I had expected, she replied. Much quicker as well, did I gather the courage to open up and see what she had to say.

"It's absolutely not a deal breaker, don't worry bb. Thank you for sharing that part of you with me, I appreciate it."

I thanked her.

We continued the conversation.

"As much as I would love to not watch a comedy, I really liked the idea of picking something scary. That being said, making out to the sound of people getting murdered might be pretty uncomfortable or hot as fuck, no middle ground."

We continued talking logistics and trying to figure out which of our places should we go to. Neither of us have roommates. Both of us are pretty close to a metro station. She has a cat but I am not allergic to them.

"I know! the hostess does NOT have to pick what we put on."

She loved my idea and decided to host.

That was her last message.


### Wednesday, April 10th, 2024
 "Je veux expérimenter un pue de cette énergie dom. Je veux que tu m'utilises."

I got distracted and now I don't know if I took my medicines or not.

I can't remember if I woke up early at night. I feel like I did, but it must not have been hard to get back to sleep since I can't remember. I stayed in bed even after the first alarm pushing it until 10h30. I got out of bed much earlier than that.

I had a message from Sy, the québécoise version of the catfisher. Last night I double-texted her after my vacuous message asking her about the eclipse to tell her that I wanted to have fun with her. This morning she asked me how did I want to have fun.

"Alors viens sur ig."

I did not have to go to the lab today, but I did anyway. The alarm that I had put still in bed for 10h30 started blaring when I was heading out the building.

Walking on Aylmer street from the bus stop, I passed by a communauto car with shit on the door handle and a soiled sock on the ground. I did not know what I had just seen until I viewed the related reddit post on r/Montreal while I was getting distracted in French class.

In the morning, the conversations with Marine and Maiya continued. One is someone who is not actually francophone who's just looking for friends and the other one is a French woman living in her car. With neither of them do I anticipate anything really happening.

Despite arriving almost at noon, I was the first person in the office. I send out another doodle poll to find an available time for my committee meeting. I finished the conference proceedings for the MJM. I started with the submission of the article to the Journal of Medical Image Analysis, but I realized I had to sign the cover letter and still correct some of the stuff in the manuscript—which would be better be done with my PC at home.

Returning from the restroom, I saw Daniel chatting with Reza. He was just getting the key to open the office. Not much later, Neda joined us.

After a bit of work, MohammedReza was also there. For a moment, even Louis stopped by the door to let us know he had just had his last class of the term. He also talked about visiting his aunt at the hospital who had just be been having delirium. She would talk about a big party being held at the hospital, an aunt or a cousin of Louis who had a fling with a Jamaican guy that resulted in a baby, or seeing rats in the ceiling.

When he left we continued talking. Throughout the day we talked about the HBHL funding opportunity for presenting work at a conference outside North America, substance-induced psychosis, open-world video games like GTA and Assassin's Creed, and body building.

Marie liked my text on which I agree to her terms of hosting, but added nothing.

"I'm pretty free this weekend." I broke the silence.

It wouldn't be until the middle of French class when she replied.

"Omg seeing you would've been so nice, but I'm completely booked for this weekend. Lemme get back to you when I'll know more about my schedule for next week." She ended her text with an emoji throwing a kiss.

I left the office around 16h30. Sy sent me on ig a packet of pictures, most of them of her at the gym with one of her face thrown in. She seems very attractive with a really nice body. I would love to hook up with her, but if she stopped replying, I would feel nothing other than mild disappointment.

She invited me to send her some. Earlier in the day I redownloaded snapchat to get some of the old videos and pictures that I got in there from my sexting phase two years ago. That led me to look at old pictures of me and how my body used to look.

I miss it.

I miss being OK with it and feeling attractive.

In the end I told her that some of my pictures were older, or I could take some tonight. Despite she telling me that she'd wait, I sent her a handful from the last two years where my body was not extremely different.

She called me gorgeous, but I didn't believe her.

Jay also reached out on my way home. I waited until Marie confirmed we would not see each other this week to reply. We're meeting Friday after work at Café Parvis. While we talked a bit about it, it is still unclear if there's a possibility that we will return to my home afterwards.

### Friday, April 12th, 2024
"I'm not an alcoholic. I'm not an alcoholic, right? Right? Do I have an alcohol problem?"

I've been drinking every day of the week. Maybe even last week, too.

I just came from my my coffee date with Jay and the first thing I did after peeing was mixing three fingers of vodka and the rest of the grapefruit beveradge that I bought at the dépanneur the other day.

I have been waking up at 3h since I've been taking the 40 mg at night. Yesterday, I couldn't get out of bed when I saw Louis' e-mail that he was going to work from home and all the meetings of the day would be moved to Teams. I went back to bed and continued sleeping.

The only thing that I have been working on is submitting the manuscript that is already ready for submission. It's the weekend now that Friday is over and the task remains undone.

I did not go to the office—either yesterday nor today, despite I was supposed to go both days.

I met with Louis at our usual time. I posed him the question about using all of the data or only those who were deemed Amyloid positive. I confirmed his blessing about me staying 5 weeks in Mexico during the summer. Today I bought half of the plane tickets.

I am sitting now with the computer on my lap and Community playing on the television. It's the episode on which Jack Black appears. I have only taken a couple of sicks of my drink, yet I am already feeling better. I definitely have to mention my drinking to Fabiola next session.

When I proposed going to Church pub I had given 18h as a potential meeting time. Aliza confirmed that morning that she would not go climbing, but she agreed with Alda that 18h was way too early. We agreed to meet at 19h30.

After my meeting with Louis I tricked myself into thinking that I was working.

Alda texted me and I asked her if she wanted to meet earlier. She was just about to take a shower, but maybe we could be there at 19h. That's what we ended up doing.

I asked her to act surprised whenever Aliza would tell her that she had broken up with Ali.

We didn't know it, but we were on the same metro. When I asked her for updates telling her that I was in Charlevoix, she replied that so was she. I told her to get off at the Wellington exit, but she was further back in the train. I finally saw her crossing the street at wellington and met her by the metro supermarket.

I keep glancing at the phone waiting for a number one above the tinder icon signaling the "you're a nice person, but I didn't feel a connection" text. I purposefully had the intention of not grabbing the phone—either looking for the cursed one or to order myself dinner—until I finished this 1500 words journal entry.

My thoughts keep flying inside my head, shapeless and lacking words.

I am hungry. I want to eat something. This morning I did not split the meds into breakfast and dinner.

Yesterday I did. I had breakfast before my meeting with Louis. I made eggs with ham and fried the last hashbrown patty.

Alda and I got a table in the middle of the pub and started with our 6 CAD cocktails that we expected to be 5 CAD. We had finished our first one and the waitress had just brought us the second one when Aliza poked me on the head, startling me.

She sat with us saying her greetings. She asked us to move to our usual table which had just been vacated.

Aliza told Alda about her breakup as context to her sharing with us about ending any type of relationship with her friend who happens to be her ex, Daniela. A couple of days ago she half-told me about it. I could relate after ending my own relationship with my friend who happens to be my ex.

"Tuve mi no-hookup date y me siento super shitty; en vez de hacerme pensar que no debería tener hookups solo me hace no querer tener dates. I feel unnatractive and disgusting. Unwanted. I wanna cry—no por la cita, pero por la frustración de cómo me siento."

In the end of the night we had 4 cocktails. The waitress came to tell us that the happy hour was coming to an end. We were not interested in getting a 5th one. Alda didn't even finished her last one.

I was supposed to have it, but after my question I didn't.

I ordered myself the chicken burger. This time I waited until finish the whole thing and the fries before having my second dose. I don't think I felt any of the side effects. If I did, I don't remember.

We said our good-byes. This was the first time that Alda and Aliza saw each other since she went to her cruise. Now she will go to Mexico on April 24th for her friend's weeding. I offhandedly mentioned that they would probably not see each other until after she comes back. On our way back to the metro, Alda asked me if I was seeing Aliza soon. I told her no.

I was walking home when I got a notification from tinder. It was Jay telling me that she was exhausted and wanted for today to be a coffee date only, if that was okay. She assured me that she would have more free days next week if something were to happen.

That night, I made a reservation for us at 18h45.

Despite splitting the dosage, I still woke up at 3h36. I might have forgotten to take my sleeping pill. I didn't fall back to sleep until around 6h or 7h.

Before I could sleep for good, I felt a tickling on my arms under the pillow. It was a long-legged spider that I threw away from the bed. I did not put my arms under the pillow for the rest of the morning.

I kept checking the mail for something from Louis, but nothing ever came.

I got up around noon and had coffee anyway. I made myself breakfast, a burrito of the grounded meat and rice with a fried egg thrown in. I enjoyed it, but, other than a couple of chips here and there, it's all the food that I've had all day.

I wanted to text Sy, but I don't wanna be texting her daily.

When I came back, I really felt like sending I feel really insecure right now, I want you to pin me down so I can't move and to take me.

Does the alcohol even help?

I finished with the preprint. During the weekend, besides doing the homework for French, I can actually finish with the article submission after updating the cover letter.

Before showering I had a videocall with Sonny. I bought the ticket from Montreal to Mexico City. Right now I just went to my email to confirm that there were no errors in the flight—that my name is spelt correctly, that the source and destination are right, and the date is not mistaken. Sonny bought my flight for a week later from the city to Tijuana on Aeromexico.

When I was with Alda and Aliza, I told them about my trip and how I had been talking with Paty, my crush from half a decade ago. Aliza read my conversation with her and made a notice of how she called me princess.

I showered and left the house with just enough time to get there at 18h45. Jay texted me on tinder while I was walking down Mistral under the rain. It was something about waiting inside. I told her about my reservation and then apologized because I could not type under the rain.

I ran to catch the train that was just arriving. I got in and the doors didn't close. I sat down and the doors remained open. Minutes kept passing and I worried that I was going to be late. They did close and I was not late.

I think the alcohol is, in fact, helping.

I could order myself some burgers from A&W already so they get her by the time I finish the remaining 100 words, but I am afraid of seeing that one.

The date wasn't even bad. I got to the café and asked for our table. It was by the window. Not even 5 minutes later, she arrived and I texted her that I saw her and to come inside. I waved her and she sat in front of me. She looked more attractive in person, which I think it's the opposite of my problem.

If the date started at 19h, it ended almost two hours later.

I told her about my insomnia. We talked about the US and americans. I compared it to Mexico City and how it made me more conscious of Mexico City's catcalling and insecurity and she talked about americans' stupidity and lack of insight. We talked about farming and her job as a CEGEP teacher. On the second half of the date we talked about tinder and the difference in dating today compared to a decade ago.

Despite being 2 hours in the café, the waiter never brought us a menu. I had asked her if it was fine that I had dinner. I am glad that I didn't.

I thought about asking her what her impression was of our date. For some reason I didn't.

She made an off-hand comment that she was enjoying the laughter and the back-and-forth. That doesn't necessarily mean anything.

I went to the restroom and she went after me. Not long after that she made a comment about whether they would bring us the bill or if we should ask for it. I don't remember exactly who asked for it—I think I did and she signaled to please bring us two.

Was she intending to emphasize that I shouldn't pay for her or that she was not gonna pay for me? Why does it all of sudden mean anything?

We walked together to the metro station and rode the green line until Berri-UQAM where we parted ways. She asked if we were gonna hug it out or shake hands. After I hugged her she wished me well and left, leaving me with the feeling that something else could have been said.

### Saturday, April 13th, 2024
 I think I will sip this one out.

-The Boys in the Band.

All day I have been waiting for messages.

I was supposed to go to the laundry and meet Veronica and Alda. I did neither of those things.

When I get drunk, I whisper the words as I type them down.

I was supposed to be a witness for Vero's wedding. She was going to marry her man as an attempt to stay in Canada after her work permit's expiry. The wedding was supposed to be on the second half of April. Last week—probably, I don't remember when it was—she texted us in our instagram group to let us know that the wedding was cancelled. She had broken up with him. He suddenly started asking her for 10k dollars—or was it 12k?—after hearing that people pay a lot of money for that sort of thing.

The plan came up of meeting. She proposed watching the Godzilla movie, meeting somewhere for dinner, or hanging up at someone's house for movie night and ordering food in.

Alda texted me in the morning to tell me her forehead was hurting. She fell on the stairs and also hurt her ankle. This morning that she went to take out the thrash realized that her leg was still hurting. She wanted to know if I would mind if she cancelled.

I wasn't feeling too well myself. I stayed in bed making up the sleep that I haven't gotten this past week. I was glad that there was an excuse for not getting out of the house today. Alda suggested that maybe I could use the distraction.

"Nah, I don't feel like 1-on-1 meetings."

I held up texting Sy yesterday, but I let it out this morning. I sent her a clip from two years ago of me arching my back with a hoodie fallen from my shoulders and a black opened tank top with my bra out.

"Je suis si chaude. I want you to pin me down and take me."

It's been more than 6 hours and the message—like Sophie's—remains unseen.

Jay's message hasn't come either.

Like in therapy, that sentence shut me down. I looked towards the movie of the party reminding me about the Narvarte shore nights at Ivan's house, and considered stopping writing.

I met Paty in one of those Yaaj's events. She spoke up in one saying that she had joined because she really liked Paola. Later, in a voice message, she would confess she liked me, too, but because of that other crush, never did anything with me before getting a girlfriend.

I double-texted her after my inquiry about her text while I was with Alda and Aliza at Church.

"Adivina quien ya tiene vuelo a CDMX."

That message, like the other ones, also remains unseen.

What else could I write about now?

I did not go to the laundry despite having the whole day at my disposal. I haven't even tried to read. Definitely, I did not work on the manuscript submission.

"Mon français fait encore défaut, mais pour ce que je peux t'offrir on a pas besoin de parler beaocoup."

Why did I text that to the latest meaningless match?

If I really want to hurt myself with rejection I could write to Jay, saying that I would wnat to see her again despite worrying that she does not feel the same way.

I have been putting into words the best response to her eventual text fully well knowing that the most probably outcome is a mutual silence.

I ordered myself two burgers from A&W last night. I have the tuna and the pasta and the rest of the ingredients ready to make a salad that will last me for at least a couple of days. I will probably order myself wings tonight to go with the two beers that are still on my fridge. Last night's excuse was the dinner I did not have during my uneventfull coffee date, today's can be the lack of ordering out at Vero's evening.

Eventually—other than in Jay's conversation I hope—I will get responses.

Right now I am texting with some other person on Tinder. Our conversation started with me confessing that I mistook his Tolkien quote for being from Pink Floyd. By the end of our conversation, I told her about my misunderstanding of Valerie's rescheduling for l'apèro.

"I read in your bio that you don't know what you're looking for yet. Do you have any vague ideas? Somewhere on the casual make-outs to the series of cute dates spectrum?"

Have you ever made out with a trans person? Do you want to?

### Monday, April 15th, 2024
"Je commençais a penser que tu m'avais oubliée."

I should stop letting myself not writing in the journal because nothing interested really happened.

I'm sitting on my desk waiting to be let in into French Class, writing on these words on the other half of the screen. Moments ago I thought about what I will reply when Éric indoubtably asks me about what I did during the weekend. J'étais déprimée cette fin de semaine-là, donc j'en ai presque rien fait. Je veux pas en parler.

The class has started and they're talking about their weekends. Now I am not sure I want to let everyone know that I have been feeling down. Even though I am well-aware some can read it from my face.

Saturday's plan with Vero and Alda was cancelled. Did I go somewhere?

When was it that I met Jay? No, that was the day before on Friday. I was supposed to go to the office, but didn't.

Saturday I ordered two burgers from A&W. I drank Vodka. Was it then when I almost finished the bottle that I had to get up in the middle of the night to drink water in order to ease the nausea?

No, that was Friday after the café with Jay. On Saturday I ordered the burger from KFC.

Yesterday I woke up tired. I saw Valerie's text apologizing and letting me know she would be exhausted after having to go downtown in the afternoon and would rather return home and crash at her house. I was glad to read her intend to cancel. I cheerfully accepted her raincheck and vaguely avoided her suggestion to offer a date for when to reschedule.

Having the full day at my disposal, I still haven't done laundry.

I think it was yesterday that I woke up to the match with Bea. She was another girl who stated in her bio was just looking for some fun. In her bio there was a quote from Virginia Woolf as well. She did in her own heart infinitely prefer boobies to clever men.

Our conversation flowed like the water on the side of the Mont-royal's paths. The responses wer brisk on both of our ends.

"You want fun. I like to think I am fun. We should be having some fun together."

After some exchanges, she offered to get a drink or something.

I accepted her invitation and took the opportunity to keep the streak of early disclosing.

"Before getting to the plans, I'm trans, in case that gets in the way of fun for you."

This time I did not get a quick response.

I started to get anxious. I started to feel unwanted and disgusting. It was an unfair feeling to have and I knew it.

I went to Sonny's conversation to talk about how I was feeling, but she wasn't available.

"No, that doesn't get in the way!" She replied around an hour after.

I asked her about her whereabouts and then replied with mine. We never settled on plans. She dropped off after I asked her if she was thinking about meeting that night or sometime during the week.

Last night, despite cooking a big bowl of tuna salad, I ordered food for the third time in a row. It was not a big meal, but rather some fries from Elio. I justified as it costing the 12 dollars that I would have spent on a beer with Valerie had our meeting taken place.

I think it was yesterday that I avoided drinking for the whole day.

I have been collecting matches and unfinished conversations. What is it that I am trying to fill?

I saw the profile of the couple that I had been texting last year, those people who have a cabin somewhere in Québec and a YouTube channel. I felt empty enough that I looked for them in my contacts and drafted a text for them sharing that I had just encountered them which left me wondering if they were around town.

Today was a day of getting responses. I just got a text from them moments ago. In the morning I woke up to a response from Bea. Moments later, after getting out of bed, I saw the new messages from Sy.

The couple told me they had just saw my own profile on the app, too—I had no match, so I imagine they rejected me this time; can't be too hurt about it, since I kept leading them on and put off meeting them last year. They added that they've been here all winter, but have been busy lately with a couple they met and are returning to their cabin this week.

"Bad timing, indeed," said my text in response.

Sy's text were uneventful. She acknowledged my texts saying she loved them, but didn't move the conversation forward. After I begged for more attention, she replied with just one-word negation and a two-character emoticon.

Bea asked me if I would be available tonight by any chance. I told her I get off at 21h, and asked her if that was too late for her. It was, she replied in the afternoon, and unfortunately she'll be busy the rest of the week.

"...but I could get together next week if you're down?" She offered like Marie, who has not reached back.

"Ngl, for a minute I was tempted to skip my French class tonight", I confessed. "Being completely open, the class really sucks."

"Can't tell you how flattering that is."

I just open the app now that I am on break, and I saw the new match from Maïck, the couple.

### Thursday, April 25th, 2024
"Sofía here, I made it home in one piece.

"...two pieces."

French has been insufferable.

I haven't been feeling well.
These past two weeks have been probably the lowest I've felt in months.

I haven't gone to the office a single day since Louis' departure.
I haven't gone out of the house too much.

I should had cut my nails yesterday, but didn't.
I don't know exactly why, but I feel a strong urge to pause this to do it.

Some time during last week I met with Chloé.
We went to Café Velours.
I got there first and waited for her with my latte on the lower floor.
When I got there it was empty except for a woman playing with her little girl.
After our date, I walked her back to the metro.
Like with Marie-Anne, we exchanged instagram accounts to stay in touch.
I haven't heard from her nor sent her anything myself.

I got a text from Bea half an hour after the midnight between Friday and Saturday.

"Hey, any chance you're free tomorrow or Sunday?"

The next day I was meeting Valerie at _Oui mais non_, but we could meet in the
evening.
Sunday was all free.

She told me that we would have to meet in her neighborhood in NDG, since she
was dogsitting.
We agreed to meet at Typhoon lounge at 18h30.

In the morning I got ready with the possibility in mind that I might head out
towards NDG directly after my coffee with Valerie.
I put on make up.
It was not evident that for the whole week before I had not been able to take
a shower, much less to leave the apartment.

Aliza texted me asking me how I was doing.
I did not lie.
I quoted an old meme and then, with another one, shared with her I was going
through a bit of a depression.
She told me she had plans with Liana and I was welcome to join them.
Later she would send me the details about them going for lunch at
_Les Brasseurs de Montréal_.

I was waiting for Valerie to return from the restroom when I saw the message
of Bea cancelling our plans for the evening.
The dog she was taking care of had just thrown up and she would need to stay
to take care of him.

"I promise I did want to see you,
he's just a very old dog and it's too much for today,"
she sent almost 20 minutes later while I was finishing with Valerie.

When I dropped Valerie off at the organic supermarket,
she told me to let her know if I wanted to go see Monkey man with her during
the week.
We said our good-byes.

During the rest of the walk home,
I replied to Bea to tell her I understood and to let me know if she wanted to
reschedule.
She thanked me for being so understanding and apologized again.

"Really, don't sweat it. Hope the ol' doggo is doing better."

I went to bed and woke up Sunday with the full weight of life pushing me down.
I hadn't gotten out of bed at 12h45 when I texted Aliza to let her know I was
not coming.
She understood and asked me if I needed anything.

Later in the day Alda made me remember that we had postponed our meeting with
Vero for the next weekend.
She wasn't feeling like going but was not comfortable with the idea of
cancelling again.
I told her I could do it this time.
I didn't have to lie.
I wrote that I was feeling a bit down and would love if we could meet another time.

Bea had texted me in the morning while I was still cuddling my depression.
Her text said that the dog seemed much better and it was just probably the
nerves of being abandoned in a new and strange place.
He was going home that afternoon so he would be OK.
She finished the message by saying she would love to reschedule.
She'd be available that same Sunday, Monday or Wednesday.

I don't remember if I was still in bed or if I had gotten up already when
I replied to her using Vero's cancelled plans as an excuse not to see her on
that dreaded Sunday, and, just like last time, saying that my French classes
would make it impossible to meet on her other available days.

"I do wanna reschedule, so don't think I'm bailing,
but it would have to be Thursday or later in the week."

We came back to the same _impasse_ we had been on the week before.
_Maybe next week?_

"Yeah, just don't be a stranger," I pled her.
"Who knows, I'll let you know if I feel like skipping one of the classes."

I didn't go outside. To this day I haven't done laundry.

I had my session with Fabiola on Tuesday.
It was the second session where I talked about my depression.
We tried to do a meditation exercise but I got frustrated when I couldn't
visualize anything she was asking me to.
She implored me to go outside some times,
to take walks and let myself be touched by the Sun.

After my session I met with Alda at Tabac,
the first place where I was supposed to meet with Valerie before she cancelled.

I had gotten frustrated the evening before with my French class when we were
instructed to do, again, the fucking activity about the text of Hubert Reeves.
It would have been the third time.
I spoke up about it and we moved to another one.
Still, the professor wanted to go back to it and correct it.

I decided right then and there that I was skipping Wednesday's class.

I texted Bea tuesday's afternoon, after coming back from Tabac,
before that day's class had started.
I asked her if she was still down to meet the next day.

"Sure! You skippin class?"

I shared with her my frustrations without going into much details.

"I'll try to say some things in French to you to make up for it."

"You're both pretty and smart."

We continued subtly flirting in the next round of texts where we settled on
the details.
I proposed going to the same place we were going to.
Did I pick it on purpose since I knew it would be close to her house?

Since we started talking, the conversation flowed with the implication that
we were going to hook up. _Want to get a drink or something?_

I did not get ready expecting to have sex that night.

I did put on the nicest bra I have, though.

I don't remember what I did in the morning.

Last minute, I decided not to put on make up.

I left with enough time to make two stops.
The first one was at Baristello, where I bought a bag of coffee beans.
Then, I passed the metro station and went to the pharmacy to pick up my
prescription for hormones and anti-androgens.

When I picked up the bottle of blue pills,
I looked throught the edge of the label trying to estimate the count of them.
It was less than I was expecting.
I opened the bottle and let out a fifth of its content on the palm of my hand.
I started to count until I changed my mind and put everything back inside.

I got to station Villa-Maria with plenty of time to spare.
I had two options.
I could get there first and find somewhere to sit.
Maybe I could order my beer and some fries and calm my nerves.
Instead, I decided to stay in a corner of the metro station killing the extra time.

The walk to the bar through Monkland was around 10 minutes.
Halfway there, I started turning back half-expecting to recognize someone.
I didn't.

I passed the entrance of the bar without realizing.
I walked back and hesitated before getting in.
I had no notifications in my phone.
I went inside expecting it to be full and having to find a table where
I could sit down and wait for her.

I was wrong.

The bar was almost empty.
I looked around and saw a couple of men sitting on the corner.
I saw the bartenders behind the empty bar.
Straight ahead, on the very end, was a woman sitting down on the couch
looking down to the table in front of her where her pint of cider was sitting.
I did not recognize her, yet I knew it was her.
I walked towards her.

Eventually she looked up and recognized me.

"You haven't been here long, have you?"

It had not been long, she said with her pint in front of her as
contradicting evidence.
She was just about to text me she was inside.

I told her I had left my house with plenty of time to spare and thus walked
really slowly coming there from the metro.

She had gotten before me on purpose,
since she wanted to sit down and relax herself to calm herself down.
I could relate, I told her, thinking about the time I went to N, two months ago.

I told her how, lately, I've been preferring being the second person to arrive.
For some reason I have been anxious about getting to a place and not finding
an available place.
It's selfish, but I've preferred to let that...

### Friday, April 26th, 2024
...We started our date by talking about our first date anxieties.

The day before, when I we were scheduling our date, I told her how,
since I was skipping responsabilities already,
I might as well use my morning to get some work done and actually going to the
office.

"Hahah look at you, professional queen!"
starts the last text in our tinder conversation,
where she tells me 18h is perfect since she had an editing job she needed to
finish.

I confessed that I did in fact not go the office.
I left out that I haven't done any actual work at all.

We talked about our jobs.
Myself going from psychology to working with addiction research in
my master's in Mexico City, and finally coming to work with Alzheimer's in
Montréal.
She asked me questions about the particularities of Alzheimer's disease
diagnosis and the role of the brain plaques in it.
She also asked me about memory and the hippocampus.
She told me about studying English in college, living in Halifax,
then Vancouver and Toronto before coming back to Montréal just last year.
Her work as a proofreader for a feminist publisher in Toronto.
She is now a freelancer editor.

When we talked about me skipping class after the latest frustrations,
she reminded me and showed me how she could introduce herself in Spanish.

"Me llamo Bea y bebo una pinta de sidra."

I was midway through my pint of guinnes,
when the waiter came and she ordered herself a second one.

The conversation flowed unlike many other dates.
We shared our experiences from Portugal and Spain.
We talked about aphantasia and my lack of internal monologue.
We talked about religion and the nausea triggered by the absence of
consciousness in my case and the vastness of the universe in hers.

The waiter came a third time and asked us if we wanted something else.
I broke her hesitation by saying I would if she did.
We both ordered one more.

Until the last minute our conversation never withered.

"I am going outside to smoke. Do you want to come with me?"

She put on her coat and placed one of the plastic menus on top of both of our glasses.
I grabbed my jacket and walked behind her towards the exit.

The sun had set already.
We had only the night as company.
It was colder than when I first had gotten in.
I put my hands inside my jacket pockets trying to keep the warmth in.
I tried, but failed to contain my shivering; she made no mention of it.

We continued talking between her puffs.

She put down her left hand holding her cigarette,
in a swift move she shifted the weight from her right leg to the left one,
and looked up to meet my eyes that were already on her.

"Can I kiss you?"

I walked towards her and placed one hand on her waist and the other one on her arm.
Her free hand went to my lower back.

We kissed.

We kissed a thousand times like no one were watching.
Here and then we would pause to smile and reposition our hands.
We didn't open our eyes nor wandered too far apart.
Her mouth tasted like tobacco and honey.
There was something in her that made me want to tell her all my secrets.

"I live 5 minutes away," she whispered without letting me go.
"Do you want to come home with me?"

She made a comment about littering and went to dispose her cigarette.
She grabbed my hand and walked me back inside to our table.

Our glasses were half-full.
She asked me if I wanted to stay and finished them.
Her promised-flavoured lips were still calling me.
Half of a pint seemed eternal.
I ordered the bills.

She went to the restroom and I paid for mine.
When she came back, I took my turn to relieve myself and she paid while I was away.

We put back our coats and this time she made a comment about how I was standing
the chill winds with just my spring denim jacket.

This time we did not hold hands while I walked behind her.

After the promised 5 minutes, we got to her apartment.
She let me in.

We took off our shoes.
We took off our jackets.
After her, I placed mine on the coat rack.

Did we start kissing again there or did she lead me to her bedroom?

She was the first to lie down on the bed.
I kneeled over her and continued our silent conversation.

After just a couple of minutes, I stopped.

"Hey, I am 90 percent sure I already told you. You do know I am trans, right?"

"Yeah," she smiled.
"Don't worry about it; I like girls."

It wasn't long before she prompted a second interruption.

"Do you have a condom? I don't."

I thought back to that evening and realized that the thought had never crossed my mind.

Two years ago when I came back from my holiday obsessed with the promises of Kate,
I had gone to the pharmacy and bought a box of condoms.
She had already left my life the night that I tested if I could put one on for
the first time since starting hormones.

"I don't. But... have you been with other trans people?...
It doesn't...",
my head went back to a couple of weeks after that first memory,
when I hooked up with Amanda and,
despite being able to hold an erection enough to put the condom one,
the erection was not enough to have penetration.

She affirmed she had been.
There was something in the way she responded that made me think how not only
was I not the first, but there had probably been several before me.

"It... it doesn't work like that anymore."
Had other girls' before?

We moved up from the bottom of the bed towards where her pillows were.

She grabbed the bottom edge of my blue top and pulled it up from my head.
I did the same thing leaving her in her teal bra.
She tried taking mine off but started struggling with the hooks.
I offered her some help with it.

"It's really pretty, but we don't need it right now."

We were both completely bare from the waist up when it happened.

We were repositioning ourselves in the middle of our kisses when her teeth
bumped into mine and I heard—or felt—a crack.
I instinctively pulled away and felt a tiny peeble between my lips.

"I think you broke my tooth."

She covered her face with her hands as if she were trying not to let
something out of her mouth.

I started laughing nervously while I remembered how almost 7 years ago I was
panicking in front of the mirror with the taste of blood in my swollen lips.
I knew exactly what had happened and I still felt the impulse to get out of
the bed in the search of a mirror.
I decided that the best idea was not to look at me.

She was mortified.
She kept asking me if I was OK.

"You know what, don't worry about it.
I can worry about this in the next couple of hours."

My calmness seemed to be contagious and we continued exploring our bodies.

"Do you like people sucking your dick?"

I hesitated.
I tried to hide the thoughts coming back to my mind when I told Jay that
I could tolerate it.
It's not that I don't like it, but I feel insecure about its smell and taste.
There's the inherent maleness of it that makes me think it would be disgusting.

Instead, I nodded.

She went down on me.
She pulled down my pants together with my underwear.
Her mouth was electric.
I bit my lower lip and felt the new sharpness of my front tooth.

I looked down over my breasts towards her head moving up and down.
I put my fingers inside her brown hair being careful not to push her.

I wanted her to finish and come back up to me.
I wanted to kiss her mouth hoping that I could lick my own taste from her
lips and give a rest to my worrying mind that it was not as disgusting as it
was in my head.

When she returned, instead of man, she tasted of acid and salt.
I continued kissing her desperately trying to make her mouth forget the taste
of my genitals.

I moved down through her body.
I first kissed her neck and she moaned softly,
a glimpse of desire barely escaping into the air.
I licked the space between her breasts.
I embraced her left nipple between my two lips and pushed down.
I tried to suck on it, but she jerked when I accidently grazed it with the
edge of my broken tooth.

I continued traversing with kisses all the way from her chest to her pubic hair.

Instead of getting to the destination,
I intentionally wandered on the edges of her vulva and the inside of her thighs.
I caught a glimpse of the tattoo in her leg,
which without my glassess it was just a blur.
Her breathing accelerated and I started hearing her whimpers.

I don't think I made her cum.
I went back to kiss her anyway.
On the way back up I saw her second tatoo in her arm.

We continued kissing, turning around naked over her sheets,
rubbing our thighs like twigs used to start a fire.

"I want to make you cum, Sofia", she whispered as her hand was jerking my dick.

I touched her, but her dryness made me think I was not doing a good job at it.
She might have sensed my worries, because she tried to ease my mind by letting me know she had some toys we could use.

She focused on me trying to make me orgasm.

I did not.

I artificially increased my breathing letting her think I had.
I thought proposing her to grab one of her toys and moving on to her,
but I swallowed the idea and just held her closer.

We stayed there in the arms of each other.
I asked her about the tattoo.

She described it to me, in detail.
She told me how it's a lighthouse in honour of Virginia Woolf's novel.
There is a phrase under the lighthouse talking about corridors that I
have unfortunately forgotten.
Uptop, there is the phrase _we remain_.

Her arm holds the silhouette of the islands from where her mother is.
She told me the initimate stories of the island.
She narrated the memories she has in there about exploring the fields with her
father and swimming in the lake with her friends.

I held her in my arms as her head was lying on top of my right breast.
As she was talking, I could feel her voice caressing my chest.
It was as if she were talking directly to my heart,
every whisper warm and affectionate.

She asked me about my pictures.

We talked about how I started, how it was a suggestion from my therapist.
I told her how I got into film photography.
How I feel uncomfortable by the invasiveness of street photography,
which is accentuated by the vulnerability I feel whenever someone sees me taking pictures.

"You should take me with you once."

I heard her well, but I still was convinced that I must had misunderstood her.

"That you should let me come with you once when you're taking pictures.
I would also love if you take a picture of me."

We then talked about her old roommate who had a made-up dark room inside a
closet and who had taken the single film picture she has of herself.

I told her how I would definitely love taking a picture of her.

I looked at my watch and, despite wanting nothing more than staying there with
her for the rest of the night, I told her that I should be leaving soon.

We talked about the night.
I confessed that I was not expecting it.
She let me know she had hidden some of her medications—despite then feeling
like she didn't have to—and made the bed.
I should be flattered, she said.

I told her, in the end, that I was glad that I was not going with the idea
that there was the possibility of coming back home with her,
since that would had made me more anxious.

She told me that I turned out to be cooler than she was expecting.

She went for water and, while she was away, I put on my underwear.

"So, was it worth it?" she joked about my tooth.

I laughed and said it was still too soon to joke about it.

The loose piece was on her night stand.
She teased me if I wanted to take it with me or leave it.
I said that she could keep it, and hold it next to the picture that I would take of her.

We started picking up our clothes and putting them on.
I thought about the poem of Cortazar, but made no mention of it.
She put on her pijamas and walked me outside the bedroom.

I complimented the artwork that was framed.
She made a comment about how all the art in her place is from people she knows.
Would she one day hang up the portrait that she asked me to take of her?

Did she mean it or was it just an empty promise you make when you're cuddling
without clothes and full of hormones?

I took my jacket from the hook.

"Please text me when you get home. I worry."

"Sure," I assured her. "Do you want to move outside the app?"

She looked at me and I saw doubts shinning from her grayish blue eyes.
She still took my phone and put her number in.

I walked towards the door after putting my shoes on.
She grabbed both of my hands and we kissed again as a way to close the night.

I closed the door behind me and walked alone towards the metro in the cold night.

Now, I'm sitting down in Café Velours.

This morning I made an appointment at the dentist.
My smile is no longer broken.

I'll grab my stuff and walk home to grab the bottle of sparkling wine that
I'll take to Vero's house.
### Saturday, April 27th, 2024
 Regardez-moi, ou du moins ce qu'il en reste.  Regardez-moi, avant que je me déteste.  Quoi vous dire, que les lèvres d'une autre ne vous diront pas ?   C'est peu de choses mais moi tout ce que j'ai, je le dépose là.   —Voilà, Barbara Pravi.

I finally did it.

After weeks, I was starting to think it would never come to this, but, it's done.

I did laundry today.

Yesterday was a long day.

For some reason I woke up very early with enough energy to get out of bed. I brewed my coffee and sat in the couch of my living room waiting for the dental clinic to start their working hours. The night before I had found a clinic with head dentist who had an hispanic-sounding name from the network of the PGSS dental insurance. The clinic was only a 10-minute walk away from home.

A couple minutes past 8h, I sent them a message on Whatsapp. In French, I made up an appointment for a consultation at 10h30. By the time I had finished my coffee and showered, they reached back to me asking if I'd be available to be there at 10h.

The dentist assistant came to me speaking Spanish and gave me the forms for medical history. I had not finished it by the time she invited me to join her to the examining room. She made some small talk while the dentist came. She was the one who took the radiography.

The dentist came and, after hearing us speaking Spanish, joined us. He told me they could fix the tooth with resin or with a crown. He made an off-hand comment how Green Shield insurance covers up to 600 CAD and the cost should fall under that.

I didn't need anesthesia, but there were some discomfort on the end. The process lasted around 30 minutes. When they let me go, the dentist made a comment about how I needed a cleaning since I had lots of plaque. I thought to myself how it's been less than six months since I had one, and then I realized that whenever I get depressed, the first signs that I am in the depths of it is foregoing showering and brushing my teeth.

While within the dentist's room we spoke in Spanish, outside the whole process of paying and figuring out how to work my insurance was done in French. After a couple of back-and-forths exchanging id numbers, accounts, and trying with both Green Shield and Desjardins insurance, the payment finally went through. From the 386 CAD total, I payed 173 CAD.

I walked to Café Velours, where I worked a bit and finished writing about two nights before.

In the early afternoon I went back to my place to pick up the bottle of sparkling wine that I promised to take to Vero's.

"Guess who got her tooth fixed this morning! Just to ease your ming in case you were worrying I was walking around with a broken smile."

I texted Alda confirming she was indeed going to show up. I started getting anxious about the idea of being with Vero by myself for the whole evening. She got back to me before I left the house to ease my mind, but warned me she'd be a couple of minutes late.

When she put it in the conversation of the three of us, Vero joined her by saying she also needed to get some stuff done and would be arriving closer to 19h30.

I took my time walking to the metro station, and even let one or two trains come and go without boarding them. I got out at the familiar station Vendôme, and took the 105 bus. Despite not arriving at the initially agreed 19h, I was still too early. I walked to Provigo and got myself two cans of beers and two small pies—one lemon and the second apple.

Walking towards Vero's, she saw me from the bus. We met on the street of her house and thus entered together. Alda arrived not much later.

The night was fun and pleasant. We drank wine and talked about broken teeth, ex-boyfriends, and PRs. We ordered a pizza and some wings. Vero told us all about the story of her two exes and different forms of betrayals. I was confused by her story—probably because of getting too drunk with wine having only eaten half a bag of chips, a cup of coffee and a small pichet of hibiscus tea—that, even if I wanted to, I could not be able to summarize Vero's story.

We were too late to catch the last metro and thus Alda and I shared an Uber to our respective homes. I started getting a bit dizzy inside the car, but it all went fine.

I chatted with Alda in French. We bonded over the fact that we were really drunk.

Alda invited me to go to this bar to stalk Anthony. She could pay for my first drink, and after a bit we could do our own thing. In the end it turned out that the event had passed already.

I confessed to her that I was thinking of Sophie again. I feel uncomfortable now whenever anyone, like Vero had done earlier in her text letting me know she had just seen me, calls me Sofie.

"I was thinking how, now that I was starting to feel limerence for a new person, it'd be the perfect time for her to come back. And then I started getting anxious about two people."

"I've been there. You don't want to be there."

I confessed to the both of us that I had been thinking about deleting Bea's number.

"I am well aware I haven't told you her name nor given her a nickname. That's on purpose."

I continued talking about Bea, and how I felt confused and frustrated.

"Even though I am hating where I am right now, I feel so much better after having sex. It's like a huge weight of my body and I can finally rest.

"I was just thinking that I don't even like sex that much. My whole thing with this girl is not even because of the sex, but because of the date and the moments after the sex.

"She ruined it be being too good for me."

"You met her once. You don't know if she's too good or you wanted her to be too good."

"I am not saying she's the one. I'm saying I enjoyed talking to her too much to have had sex with her. I shouldn't had, except that I did want to have sex. I wish I had had this fun with any of the other dozens of girls who I've gone out with without the intention of just hooking up.

"When we were on the date I was having much more fun than I've had any other date, almost like with Sophie. When she invited me to her place—and I realized it was a hook-up date after all—I felt let down."

"It seems that you had a connection and I think deep down you don't mean this. You had the best case scenario for a first date: you had fun and you had sex."

After that exchange it was when we switched languages before falling asleep.

I did not take my antipsychotics and thus I slept the whole night.

My watch started vibrating in the morning and I saw it was Sonny on Whatsapp. It continued vibrating several times, but I did not look again. One of those notifications was for Bea's response.

"Genuinely so happy to hear that."

In Bumble, Lili, the girl from Paris invited me out to get a drink. Instead of planning the date, I told her I was trans.

She confessed that she was not expecting that, but she was still down. She gave me her phone number. We did not make any concrete plans. I am not too fond of the idea of going out and have a date in French. I know I can do it—I have done it—, it's just I doubt that I will enjoy it at all.

About coming with me to take pictures, did you mean it?

### Sunday, April 28th, 2024
"Have you given any thought where you'd like to go for the pictures?"

I feel tired. I was starting to get out of the dark place. I might not be entirely better.

It was too late to get the birria ramen from La toxica. The chips were no longer available. I decided to order from KFC.

I had the food and took the nightly dose of medicine. Maybe it was because I skipped the last dose; last night it was one of the worst nights since I came back to 40 miligrams before bed. I went to bed shortly after finishing dinner at around 22h and woke up barely past midnight.

It was excruciating trying to get back to sleep. There was a thunderstorm. The lights kept creeping in through the open drapes, with a delayed muffled scream piercing the night.

I might have finally fallen back to sleep around when the sun came up.

Today, after finally doing laundry and having just enough food in the fridge, there was no reason to get out of bed.

I had my coffee and breakfast when I finally did. I didn't realized it until I started trying to eat, but I am starting to have flashes of pain on my right lower wisdom tooth. It's that same lightning that I would sometimes have when having cold beer. This morning it was everytime that I widened my jaw. The scream inside my gum was louder when I tried to chew.

It's a bit less than two months before I fly to Mexico and even there I won't get to Tijuana until exactly two months from now.

A couple of hours ago, I put on some sweatypants and a hoodie to walk to the dépanneur next door for a large bag of chips. I had to take a tylenol pill to be able to snack on them. The pain has subsided by now. I am just waiting before having the three pieces of fried chicken that are waiting in the fridge.

I am nervous about tomorrow. Louis will be back from his trip. We will have an interlab meeting and I actually still need to read the article that will be presented. I need to send an email to Danilo to remind him a second time about filling out the Doodle poll. I mostly worry about not being able to get out of bed.

I will try to go to the office most days of the week. I can use the distraction.

I will talk with Fabiola this Wednesday. I scheduled a meeting to get my blood drawn for the following Thursday. I'm hoping I will get an e-mail reminder to confirm my appointment with Dr Franck. I should force myself to tell him that I had one of the strongest depressive episodes in the recent past.

I texted Bea in the afternoon.

I kept drafting the potential text in my mind all morning, but there was something wrong with the idea. Whatever I thought about sending, there was something that wouldn't feel quite right.

I keep feeling anxious about going back to a similar situation to the one I experienced with Sophie.

Having sex with someone is the perfect circumstance for an unhealthy fixation to blossom.

I have a thought that scares me, a strong idea that is resistant to the factual evidence that contradicts it. I am afraid that she was strictly looking for a one night stand—despite her tinder preference stating short-term rather than nothing serious. Even if she was not looking for a one-time thing, sex with me might have been so off-putting, or at least uneventful enough, that she has no desire to see me again—except that she was the one who suggested me bringing her with me to take pictures, who unpromptedly confessed that she'd love the idea of having a picture of her taken by me; why would she say that if she didn't intend to see me again.

She was the one who asked to kiss me. She continued kissing me and only stopped to invite me home. She grabbed me by the hand to walk me back inside. She cuddled me and told me the intimate story about her tattoos, letting me catch a glimpse of her past. She made the comment about not needing to hide her meds from me. She suggested to join me in what I confessed was an intimate and personal thing for me. She asked me to text her when I get home. She replied to my text. She hasn't disappeared.

At least not yet.

### Tuesday, April 30th, 2024
 I guess when you're young you just believe there'll be many people you'll connect with. Later in life you realize it only happens a few times.

—Céline, Before Sunset.

I can't keep on with this.

Éric, the French professor is talking in the slowest voice possible explaining for a thousand time the conjugation of the imperative form. We're reviewing the exercise that we were doing last night on the end of the class, and a apparently almost nobody finished.

I am tiring of nodding or shaking my head in silence to the attempts of responses of my classmates—which are mostly wrong—just to entertain the façade that I am paying attention.

I want to shut off my camera and scream.

I have been feeling more irritable than usual. It's like my emotions have woken up from the numb state they were in the past few weeks.

And, of course, now that I was asked to participate I made a mistake. Instead of saying Non, ne me le dis pas, I said Non, ne me dis-le pas, to which the professor thought I had wrongly conjugated the imperative of the plural of the second person.

He made himself a mistake when he conjugated the three forms the imperative of the verb dire, as he wrote dit rather than dis.

I argued him in a way that I am not used to. If he was taken back, he did not show it.

I have to calm myself with the idea that nobody pays any attention to my camera view, as I certainly pay no attention to theirs.

When I met with Maria and her boyfriend at her bar, she recognized the fact that I can't seem to be able to hide my frustration from my face.

On my way home, I could not wait for the 144 and instead walked towards the metro station. I contained my urge to cry all the walk there and couldn't hold it anymore waiting for the train inside.  The train was just leaving by the time I got downstairs. I was sitting down on the bench by the end of the platform waiting for the next one. Despite not leaving with plenty of time, and having to walk towards the metro instead of taking the bus, I had enough time to feel my recently awoken emotions. I looked towards my left and saw the people conglomerating. I thought about the metro station and the direction I was in. It was just a couple of minutes shy before 17h. I felt embarrased that I unconsciously considered and discarded the idea that Sophie would be taking this train in a couple of minutes. I was not aware of my own train of thought until after arriving to the idea that she wouldn't be at the station until around the 15-minute walk from McGill. I saw the arrival of the consideration that, had her medical continued—or were real—she might not even be working at all. When I got to that point, I purposefully discarded the whole thing and wiped the tears that had been coming by their own free will.

When I got to the train, I was no longer crying.

I walked towards the corridor. There were people taking all of the seats, but I did not care about sitting down. I noticed that one of them was occupied by the shopping card of one of the man sitting behind id. He looked at me and gestured the removal of it offering the seat. I shook my head dismissing the offer.

I transfered lines and continued my effort of not crying anymore. I can't remember what kind of music was playing through my headphones. It was probably the defualt playlist of my Apple Music account.  The professor noted I was bored—he might have seen me when I nodded as he asked if anyone had finished the activity moments before sending us out to the breakout rooms—, and told me I could watch a video, one of those we were instructed to see when we reviewed the different genres of television and movies.

That time I had been instructed to watch a comedy series similar to The office, but not quite as funny nor entertaining. I picked the first episode of Les simones. I didn't have much hopes before going into it, but it was better than just browsing reddit. I kinda liked it.

I've been texting with Paty on Whatsapp.

I have been thinking about deleting the apps. After the class ended, I got a new match in Hinge. She replied with the latest book that made her cry, In defense of witches: the legacy of the witch hunts and why women are still on trial, and asked about mine. After a some quick exchanges in which I confessed I haven't been finishing the latest books I picked, asking me which movie had made me cried—which I was very tempted to watch again before starting French—, and asking if I spoke french. My last message went unreplied.

Maybe she was off-put by my grammatical errors in French meaning that I had vastly overestimated my fluency by putting French as one of my languages, despite the fact that she started the conversation by texting me in English.

Maybe she read my last messages lacking a direct question and she got bored with me.

Maybe she just got distracted or went to sleep.

I might hear back from her later just as well as she might have been just another person who deemed me undeserving of connection.

