# 2024 — 31 years old

## November, 2024

### Friday, November 8th, 2024

>Every day I send you an e-mail, in it I write\
>my news, every time I end with a request: if\
>you're there and you're well,\
>don't write back.

— Tadeusz Dąbrowski

***

Yesterday, the picture of Bea—with her greyish blue eyes and her closed-mouth
smile, with the quote from To the Lighthouse and the vague invitation for
casual fun that could flower into something greater—came up among the series of
pictures of strangers in Tinder. I paused my procrastination of almost
mindlessly rejecting the vague idea of women formed by one or two pictures by
the swipe of a finger. I thought about that night almost half a year ago. I was
back to that evening in a barely occupied bar in NDG, to that night on a bed
inside an apartment just five minutes away.

I swiped to the right. In the minutest moment I imagined a thousand
possibilities, every one of them crumbled down when nothing happened. I found
a rejection in the uneventfulness.

That same day—or maybe one before—I sent María José the snapshot from my
journal that surrounded my encounter with The Editor.

"Toca aprender de mis otros casi-algos que la atención no se ruega; if they're
interested, they''ll let me know", I wrote to Majo mere moments before I shared
in our conversation the picture of the co-protagonist of that short story from
my past.

I was referring to one of the latest women I met in this last phase of dating
since the break I took this summer. The French filmmaker and photographer.
Clara, the woman whom I met and conversed with months ago before cancelling
last-minute on her and deleting the dating apps. We rematched without
recognizing each other. I confessed my sin after I remembered when I found an
archived screen picture of our last messages in French. Still, she decided to
meet with me. And if first dates are too stressful, let's skip to the second
one directly, technically we already almost had one. I wore a red dress and
a face of make-up to our date in Chez Ernest. She came a couple of minutes
late. I recognized her as soon as she stepped foot inside the half-empty bar.
I stood up and hugged her, initiating the conversation that would continue for
more than six hours until it ended with a second hug at the bust stop outside
an A&W.

Unlike many other dates, she replied back enthusiastically—albeit one or two
days later—when I reached out to tell her I would love the idea of seeing her
again. She suggested the next weekend when she might be free if she worked
efficiently the week up to it. I accepted the invitation and proposed to touch
base again by the end of the week. That message, up to this moment five days
later, remains unopened.

In the middle of our date, she asked to see some of my pictures. I grabbed my
phone and opened my instagram account. She inspected some of them and then
glanced up to the username that served as a title of the screen. She thought
aloud to herself how she would made notice of it to search for me later. Later
came much earlier than I expected when she stood up to the restrooms and
searched for me there.

Last night, Vicky organized an evening of drinks at Thomson House. This time we
were many more people than the last one, when it was just her and me as the
elders accompanying the three new PhD students that have joined our lab this
summer. Beside the—both old and new—students of Louis, there were also a couple
of women who were co-supervised by him whose names I don't remember.

After leaving the clubhouse and one by one of my older labmates were stepping
off the group to follow their route home, I opened up one of the pictures
I took of myself in The Neuro's restroom mirror and posted it as a story in
instagram. My reflection was standing phone in hand, wearing the brown and
cream sweater my mother knitted me under the gray sports coat that I found and
bought at Eva B. My mom made me and this sweater, I captioned it.

The first person to see it and like it was Sonny, less than a minute before it
was posted. Then it was Paty. Then, a bunch of other nameless acquaintances.
I was sitting on my black couch in front of the unwatched television when I saw
Clara in the list of spectators, before I got distracted by the sudden
appearance of an old paramour.

This morning, I woke up with the notification that Clara—a couple of minutes
past midnight and around two hours after she first saw it—went back to it to
like it.

Right now I see La grain brûlée's toy ferris wheel spinning past the screen of
my laptop as I consider whether or not echo my unseen message asking whether or
not I'll see the last woman whom I am inevitably idolizing.

### Saturday, November 9th, 2024

>"We'll see each other again, right? ...I hope?"
>
>"Yeah; no, yes. Definitively."

***

I went to eat Falafel with Majo last night.

I don't remember the first half of the day up until I was sitting on the wall
benches right at the middle of the quai of the metro. The earbuds in my ears
made me feel invisible as I waited for her. I got there earlier.

She arrived and did not see me. She called me from one of the exits. When she
came back, she got walked down to the opposite side of me. I saw her walking
with hear headphones on her head. I whistled and called her name, but she did
not notice me. When she finally turned, I pointed to the direction she was
walking and met upstairs.

We decided to catch another train and move another station further west to get
closer to the place.

We stayed in the food joint eating and talking, keeping each other company. We
talked about friendship, family, and first love. Somewhere in our conversation
I confessed to her how I was unsure of reaching out to Clara and if the date
was going to take place.

My head went back to earlier this year and how I craved the idea of being
pursued. How warmth it felt to be the one to affirm the question about the
potential of meeting again. The disappointment of having to reach out to the
void asking whether I am wanted or not.

Leaving Falafel Yoni, we had the intention of keeping the night and
conversation alives in a bar nearby. We tried Dieu du ciel, Siboire, Henrietta,
Datcha, Darling; we kept walking through St-Laurent hoping to find a place with
some available space to sit down. By the time we passed Bifteck, we decided to
just call it a night.

"Not to pressure you or anything, but I did say that I would text her when we
were at the bar," I said to Majo when we were a couple of blocks before Station
St-Laurent.

We talked about women's inherent issues with identifying or expressing their
desire. I told her about the sex dream I had with Aliza during our evening and
night together in Maryland. Then, I also talked about the way Alda got worried
after I shared I had a sex dream of her, only to then share she had dreamed
about me before, too, after I calmed down her nerves of thinking I was into
her.

We parted ways when we went to different directions of the green line. I hid
again in my music and wrote down a draft of the short text that I would send
her in instagram, still unconvinced. I did not send it by the time the metro
arrived.

I think I was already back home when I endede up reaching out. Not long after,
she liked the past text from Monday and told me that she could do lunch today.
She forewarned me, though, that she would have to get back to work. It was my
call.

I woke up today without the alarm at around 6h or 7h. I dreamed that she had
gotten back to me with a reason to cancel or postpone. There were no real new
messages on the screen of my phone.

Around an hour later, she surfaced with a text proposing to meet at a dumpling
place she's been intending to check out. She had a second suggestion, in case
dumplings were not my thing, consisting of a café nearby that she frequents.

We did go to the dumpling place. I got there first. I peeked inside wondering
if she was already there. I texted her asking about it. She was one minute
away, she said, thus I stayed outside and sat down on a bench nearby.

She asked me about the birthday plans for tomorrow. I told her about the
Lasertag, how I had already paid for it despite not being too fond of the idea,
and Alda's offer of killing me prematurely to quickly end my suffering. I told
her about the story I owed her about the second to last time I met with Vero
and she made us crash a family party in a church. I asked her about if she
missed our shared cultural custom of kissing on the cheek as a greeting and
farewell. I then asked her if she has ever offered or been asked to take
pictures of her dates. We talked about it. I don't remember if I told her how
that question had rosen from my recent reading of the night with Bea.

I did not finish my plate of noodles. I told her that even though I did not
want her to leave, I understoo if she had to. She asked me for the time before
looking at it herself on her phone screen. It was 10 minutes before 14h, the
time she had set aside for me.

"I have 10 more minutes, then," I said smiling. "Good."

The 10 minutes passed us and, maybe if I had not said anything about how she
was giving me extra time, she could probably had stayed there for longer.

We payed for our food and walked together to the corner of the street. Somewhen
in our date, I proposed to her to talk in French the next time we met.
Somewhen, too, she apologized for not reaching out until Friday. She reassured
me then that she would be less busy from now on. Still, when we were saying our
goodbyes, just like last time, she proposed the doubt of whether we'd see each
other again, and added the clarification that she would hope so. It was me who
assured us both.

"She's making dating fun," I texted Alda.

### Monday, November 11th, 2024

> Dear diary, today, with @aldaprofka and @vero.raphael, I discovered there is
> actually some fun in killing 8 year olds."

***

I did not get home that late, but still I was exhausted enough that I decided
not to open up my laptop to write.

Yesterday, I woke up already tired.

Alda reached out and gently reminded me that we had planned with Renzo to meet
for Indian food in the early afternoon, in case I had forgotten. I thanked her
and confessed that I actually did. That ruined my plans of sleeping in and
barely function in my living room until the early evening before getting ready
for meeting Vero. I instead got up from bed before noon and left the house not
much after.

I was the first one to arrive to the indian restaurant. It was the second time
in the week that I ate indian food. I waited outside leaning on a black parting
sign listening to my iPod. Alda arrived a couple of minutes before the time we
had agreed to meet Renzo. We decided to come inside and wait for him there,
guarded from the autumn chilly winds. The waitress sat us in a table by the
window. I made notice of how we could see him arrive.

We did not see him come. He got inside and saw us first. We talked a bit about
what had happened in the three or four weeks since the last time we all met.
That time we had gone to eat chinese noodles and walked aroud Old Port. He was
telling us about a guy he was going to meet for the first time in Verdun. He
has been dating him since. This man asked him to be boyfriends, but he got
scared from the term.

Contrary to the indian restuarant I went to earlier in the week with Majo, this
one was full of indian people. There was a large family dinning at the table in
front of us. The waitress, just like the waiter before, warned me about the
spice in my order.

We continued chatting and told him of our plans of meeting our friend, Vero,
for her birthday and going to play lasertag. He told us about his experience
and how the game usually works.

"Wait, how old were you when you played?" I asked him later.

He did not remember exactly, but he was a teenager.

Alda said that she felt like a drink, that maybe could help her enjoy the
evening of the game. She proposed going to McKibbins. I tried to remember the
times that I have been to that bar. I went to one of their branches with Aliza
and some people of her lab, including Vlad. Other time, many months—years,
maybe?—before, I went to a different one with Valerie. It was the date where
I told her that I was thinking of applying for a job as an editor of a journal.

When Alda mentioned her plan of ordering straight Whisky, I offered her instead
of going to N. I had just remembered reading the reference to that bar in the
text I sent Majo a couple of days before. When we got there, after we sat down
and maybe even after we had gotten our drinks, I told them about how I had been
there three times before. The last time it was my last date with Sophie. Before
that, I had gone on a date with a post-doc of McGill. The first one, it was
also a date but with a couple whom I later accompanied home and spent the night
at their house. All three of those times, I met with people whom I never saw
again.

After finishing our drinks—them a glass of gin and me a cup of hot cider—we
said goodbye to Renzo and made a stop at McDonald's to grab a quick coffee
before going to Vero's.

She had asked us to arrive at 17h at the latest, since we had to be at the
place at 17h30 and we could not be late. We made it there and even got inside
and went upstairs to her floor with plenty of time to spare. We knocked on her
door after confirming her apartment number with her by text. Her brother Peter
received us and made us small-talk while she finished getting ready. We were
late.

The guy at the entrance rushed us in and asked Alda to pay the rest of the
entrance fee, since the deposit didn't cover it completely. He reached the
terminal to her and the amount of 2.90 CAD appeared on the small screen. She
tapped her card on the top to make it disappear. When it got to my turn, the
screen displayed instead 26CAD. I hesitated before tapping my phone and asked
him why the charges were different. I didn't completely understand his
explanation since my mind was busy remembering how days before I had
transferred money to Vero to cover for the deposit of the place. I looked at
her and she offered to pay for it. I said nothing and just moved myself to
Alda's side.

As people kept paying, another 18 year old wearing a green polo with the logo
of the place guided us to a small room where a video was playing with the
instructions of the game. The room would have been pitch-black were not for the
muted colours of the video on the large screen narrating a bunch of
instructions that I did not completely understood. I noticed the dark shapes of
a large group of kids sitting on the floor much much younger than the expected
teenagers.

"Do you have any questions?" the guy standing next to the screen reached out to
the kids.

"Are the grown-ups going to play, too?"

After the video ended and all of the kids went first to the room next door to
grab the electronic vests that were hanging on two sets of protruding arms that
extended from the facing walls, it was our turn to come in and get ready.
I grabbed one and put it on awkwardly. I felt uncomfortable and self-conscious.
I wanted the activity to end even before it started.

The first half I felt uncomfortably shooting the electronic laser towards the
children that were half of my size running around. I stayed on one of the
corners and met Rowan, the only non-black friend of Vero other than me and
Alda.

"Oh, you speak Spanish?" she asked after I said something. "It shows," she
finished the thought after I answered affirmatively. There was no malice in her
way of saying it, yet I felt uncomfortable.

Bliss—is that how his name is spelled—activated something that was called spy
mode, which set to red the colour of his originally green vest. He was freely
shooting at our base and perpetually earning points. I did not care enough to
stop him.

I tried to play the game, but I felt too self-conscious of my large body moving
around.

The screen of my pistol stopped working. I went outside to tell one of the
workers. He instructed me to switch vests. I lost all of the few points that
I had earned.

When I went back in, I decided to really try again. I moved to the back and
decided to shoot at the kids that would try to approach and invade our base.
I would silently shoot at their backs or shoulders without them noticing. Some
of them just suddenly realized they had somehow ran out of lives, others did
become aware of me but had no time to do anything about it. By the time the
last game ended, even though I didn't notice if we won or lost, I saw that
PLAYER11, me, had the most points of the red team.

We finished the night at an italian restaurant with some of Vero's friends.
Alda and I shared half-a-liter of the house's white wine. I got a plate of
minestrone soup and a sausage entrée. Alda got herself a caesar's salad—not
realizing the waiter was upselling her when he offered—, a lasagna and a second
cocktail.

This morning I was able to wake up before 8h and get to the office on time.
I made a stop at Baristello to buy a bag of coffee beans. I thought I could get
a second one for Walter's birthday gift. There was an offer for three bags for
40 CADs.

I got to the lab and bought me a large coffee and a carrot muffin from the
cafeteria on the third floor.

There was a students and post-doc's seminar where Jonathan presented his work
under Sylvia and Sylvain's supervision. Majo got there and sat on the row of
chairs by the wall behind me.

Halfway through the talk, I went outside to pee and saw a women setting up the
platter of pizzas. Before coming back in, she asked me if I knew how many
people were inside.

The talk ended and I went outside with Majo. Both of us got a slice of the
vegeratian ones and went to a table where the second speaker was already
standing. Neither of us acknowledged him. Emily, a friend of Majo, came and
started talking to us.

I went to meet with Jonathan to say Hi. He was talking to Neda. I was catching
up with him, hearing about his upcoming thesis seminar and sharing my plans
with doing my post-doc with Sylvia, when the lady approached me with a plate.

"Here, I noticed you like vegetarian, have the last slice."

Today, I finally got the reviews—or rather single review—for the HVR paper that
I submitted back in late July. Daniel practiced his pre-submission meeting on
our lab meeting. I registered for the ADPD conference that will take place on
Vienna next spring and payed the 400EUR.

I texted Majo asking her if she wanted to do something in the afternoon. We
went to Thomson house and talked about friendship, unhealthy attachment, my
anxieties about showing my unreciprocated interest. She convinced me of
reaching out to Clara and being open about my needs and expectations.

I sent a text to both Clara and Paty.

Clara replied back.

### Tuesday, November 12th, 2024

>`Je t'écris pour t'informer que je viens de voir une souris courir dans mon
>appartemant.`

***

I washed my sheets yesterday. The warmth and sweet smell made it more difficult
to get out of bed in the morning. I had the PD meeting that was cancelled last
week at the Neuro, but it was not until noon.

I made a stop at the bakery before taking the metro. This time, instead of
buying a croisssant, I got myself a pain au choco-amandes and I started eating
it on my way to the Neuro. I finished it even before getting to Station
Sherbrooke.

This past few weeks I've been having to walk all the way to the office. They
are working on des Pins, so the 144 bus takes a detour. These 4km walks might
be a contributing factor to me losing weight. Last time I weighted myself I hit
the soft goal of reaching 75Kg. Yesterday that I was walking to Thomson besides
Majo, I was telling her how my green pants that I bought just a couple of
months ago in Philadelphia are now loose on my body. I told her that I was
still a couple of kilograms shy of my goal of reaching my body of two years
ago. She told me that I was thin enough, and any more, to her eyes, would be
too much.

I saw a notification from instagram in my phone as I was walking outside the
metro station. It was from Paty. She had laughed at the reel I sent her that
said: Cuando the escribo que estoy en tu ciudad y me respondes: ojalá te
diviertas!

"¿Cómo crees, Sofía?", says the second of the two messages that I did not open.

I worked in the morning until the time came to look for the room where the
meeting would take place. I saw Vicky pass by and I asked her if she knew where
it would be. After she told me how it would be where the IGNS meetings take
place and she was walking in direction to the Viper Pit, I asked her if she was
going there. She said yes and offered me to walk with her.

I felt hungry after the meeting despite having had breakfast.

Aliza sent me the link for her mock candidacy. I did not have time to do much
work before it was the time to connect. I took my ipad, headphones, a small
notepad and my waterbottle and went towards the small cabine for
videoconferences. The meeting started at 15H, and it wasn't until a couple of
minutes before 17H that it ended. I made some coments and suggestions, but the
majority of the feedback was given by her supervisors.

I text Majo and told her how Aliza is even less ready than what I had thought.
There was almost no information about the other aims that she has yet to start.
I sent her an email with my thoughts and offered to help her in any way I can.
We'll have a videocall tomorrow morning before my session with Fabiola.

I passed by metro and bought a plate of hummus, a bag of bologna, a bag of
caesar salad, and a small chicken sandwich. I ate the submarine on my walk to
the metro. When I got to the station, I thought about passing by the library to
pick up the book that was set apart for me. I started it on the way back home,
but could not read more than a handful of pages.

I got home, set aside my stuff and lied down on my couch to watch unimportant
stuff in my phone. I sensed a shadow move in that barely perceptible field of
view. I turned my head and caught notice of a small brownish mouse run in the
white vent of the heating system of my apartment.

I stood up paradoxically since the least thing that I wanted to do was to go
search for the rodent. I drafted an email in French to Didier to let him know.
I passed the broom through the apartment looking for droppings. There was a lot
of dust—too much more than what should be—but no poops. I moved the bed and
heard noises coming from the closet. I went there and saw another—hopefully the
same, but probably not—mouse run from one end of the back closet towards the
other.  I decided to put on some shoes and buy some traps from Dollarama. I had
not finished setting my thoughts in order before I saw yet another—again,
hopefully the same—small brown animal escape from the room towards the back of
the television.

Alda offered me to sleep at her place. I considered it, but decided against it.
Hopefully I am able to sleep without focusing on the silence of the nigh

### Wednesday, November 13th, 2024

> clarabelais > `So you enjoyed [it] generally speaking?`\
> clarabelais > `Also, there are not a lot of places where you can fight
> children legitimately.`

***

After setting the traps, and one brief moment of around a minute when
I continuously heard scratching, I heard nothing the rest of the night. I went
to bed and slept in relative peace.

I found it hard to wake up in the morning. I had agreed to have a videocall
with Aliza to talk about her project proposal for her candidacy. I offered her
anytime before noon, since I'd see Fabiola then. She picked 10h. I didn't get
up until 40 minutes before our agreed time. I warned her that I would just
shower and might end up connecting a couple of minutes late.

I also had talked with Alda about meeting at Oui mais non to work together,
after finishing with my therapy. She did not end up going. I told her it was
fine and we could do it another time.

My first couple of minutes with Fabiola consisted in telling her my adventures
last night with the mice. I told her how Didier's response was pretty fast and
even that morning I received an email from the guy would was supposed to come
and put the products asking for my address in the very early morning.

I talked about what has been happening with my increased social outings, and
particularly with my latest phase of dating. I gave her a brief recap of my
last dates with Clara and my anxiety about the similar patterns of
communication that remind me of Sophie. In my retelling, I mentioned the
conversation I had with Majo at Thomson on which I told her of my dilemma
between starting to disconnect from this potential connection now that it is
still early and being open emotionally and letting her know that I am
interested in pursuing something further with her, but the ways we are
communicating confuse me.

Fabiola said that, in her opinion, it is not yet the moment to start working in
letting go. Without knowing, she reaffirmed Majo's suggestion of giving her
another date, another opportunity to talked about us, explicitly state our
interest confirming it is mutual, and sharing our expectations of us, of each
other.

My breakfast was the oatmeal cookie I bought last night at Dollarama with the
four mouse traps that I spread over my apartment. I drank the iced coffee
I made myself during my call with Aliza. On my afternoon work in Oui mais non
I ordered a chai latee. I have been working on implementing the code to run the
CNN segmentation within the longitudinal pipeline. Tomorrow I am meeting with
Louis and I don't have much to show him. I guess I can talk with him about the
timeline and the scheduling of my thesis seminar early next year.

At around 18h30, the screen of my laptop suddenly shut off. It had been a while
since I looked at the battery icon appearing on the corner of the screen.
I took out the book that I picked up yesterday from the library and read
a couple of pages. When I finished the short first chapter, I grabbed my stuff,
left my empty glass on the bus tray by the stairs and starting walking home.

I don't remember exactly the time—it must have been before getting into the
café—when I wrote a brief story narrating my night. When I was craving the
other night not to sleep alone, I didn't mean to spend the night accompanied by
mice running around in my room. As other times, I kept checking the viewers to
see if I would see Clara's name in the list. She finally showed up around an
hour or two after its inception. I was around the bakery where I buy my morning
croissants when I saw the first notification letting me know that clarabelais
had liked my message. Then, one by one, I could read the first portion of her
subsequent replies on the following notifications. The last notification was,
once again like as last week, letting me infer that she had gone back to my
profile to see a story that she had already seen to purposefully like it. The
evening was colder than I expected, so I put away my hands together with mi
cold hands inside my jacket pockets.

When I opened her conversation I saw how not only had she replied to my comment
about finally meeting a deadline and continued the conversation about my
lasertag story, but also replied to the white text with the image of Mickey
Mouse.

> clarabelais > `Not a mice fan ?`

### Thursday, November 14th, 2024

> soffiafdz > `hey, i really want to see you. it's very short notice, but are
> you free tomorrow? or this weekend?`

***

I was arriving to Station Jarry when Majo replied to my text saying they were
still at Walter's house drinking mezcal and talking about their biggest
heart-breaks. I was very tempted to do what I recently did with Majo of turning
around and getting back to meet with them. Despite considering it, I did not go
peeing before leaving Brewsky with Florence. I changed my mind mid-text and
came back to my original plan of coming home.

I went to the office in the morning since I had a meeting with Louis. Sasha
switched places and moved to the Viper Pit with Marc Antoine and Raphaël.
I remember not understanding Reza's questions about if it was personal for me
leaving that office, but now seeing her grab her computer and switching places,
I suddenly could relate to Reza's insecurity.

I recevied Aliza's proposal document in the morning and I promised her that
I would look at it throughout my day. I did. I kept going back to it here and
then when I needed a distraction from my python script adapting the HVR CNN for
modular use.

"Sofía, I have a question. What is this?" asked me Raphaël early in my day,
before I had even finished my coffee. I talked with him about my use of the
terminal, tmux and vim. How I prefer a workflow that is centered on the
keyboard. I talked about my choice of window manager and how coding and
scripting became a hobby for me while I was doing my master's.

In the early evening, I agreed to meet Majo before going to Walter's place. We
went to have something to eat at McDonald's. On the way there she told me about
how she feels in love with her work related to babies. She sees them, handles
them, carries them, and feels some sort of intrinsic physical urge for them.
She was sure of not wanting to have kids. A security that is no longer there.

I told her about my two dreams: the one where I dreamed I had a period and the
other one where I dreamed I had gotten pregnant. Maternity was a subject that
we had been coming back to lately and which was very present in our
conversation today.

Since the very morning I woke up, particularly during my walk to the metro as
I was going to the office, I kept coming back to the idea of reaching out to
Clara despite not having an answer from my latest messages. I wanted to tell
her—confess?—that I want to see her. Ask her if she is free this weekend, even
despite the fact that mine it is not free.

Miriam texted me during the day. She said that she had not found anything
particularly fun for this Saturday. She proposed going for coffee or maybe
going to the movies. I replied that both ideas seemed good to me. I asked her
what films were recently out. The new gladiator movie with Pedro Pascal and
Paul Mescal came to mind. I was disappointed to find out that it was still not
out. I remembered Cinéma Moderne. Looking into their schedule I found a showing
of several award winning shorts and a talk with one of the film-makers.
I thought about the dating idea I had saved for Clara and proposed it as
a platonic date for Miriam. She seemed fond of the idea, so I bought the two
tickets. Later, she told that she'd confirmed with me later about when to meet,
given she had an appointment that would end at 17h. I thought I could always
invite Majo were she not able to make it.

Walter texted us to say that he was ready and we were welcome to come to his
house whenever we were ready just a couple of minutes after we finished our
McDonald's burgers.

Melissa, the friend that I met once with Aliza and Alda was the second person
to arrive after us. Then it was Amelie and her boyfriend. Jana was the last one
to arrive just around half-an-hour before it was my time to leave. She brought
a cake and a six pack of chinese beers.

"I love you", I told her jokingly as she took the warm bottles out of her
backpack.

I agreed to meet Florence at Brewsky at 20h. I had calculated to take a bus
there, but I missed it. I had to walk—run—to catch the 107 one that would get
me a bit closer. During the walk by the Old Port at night, as I passed next to
the lamps that shined like a strip of lightened ants next to the barely visible
water of the river, I kept thinking about Clara. I considered more and more
sending out that text that was haunting me since the morning.

A couple of minutes before my arrival, I opened the tinder conversation with
Florence and there was a last message letting me know she had arrived. I told
her how there were two sides/entrances to the same bar and we never agreed on
which one to meet. I went to the wrong one and got in. I told the bus boy that
I was not sure if my friend was already inside. All of the tables were full of
people, so he told me they were probably on the other side. Florence was indeed
on a table next by the entrance.

It wasn't until I sat down in front of her that I noticed how she was the
spitting image of Monica. The shape of her face, her round eyes, the silhouette
of her smile. Years ago that would have been reason enough for me to want to be
close to her, to find out if the taste of her lips would awaken those forgotten
memories.

In her strong french accent, she asked me if I was willing to get a tarot read.
She had just gotten a deck from her friend, and she thought it would be fun to
use it to find out my goal of the night. I excitedly agreed, without really
worrying about what secrets would the cards reveal her.

My card was the chariot. She explained how it had to do with the future. How
I was coming in a way to find out how to move forward, discoreing what is it
that I wanted and how I could achieve it.

Hers was the fool. From what I understood it was about childhood innocence and
playful discovery.

We ordered our drinks and started our conversation. She mentioned how she had
been going through something very dramatic. She had to send out very deep and
emotional texts. Later in the night, she let me know that they had to do with
a trans women who had gotten her pregnant. She aborted the baby and had to deal
with the pain and grief of her choice without letting her know. Years later,
she had come back to her life and she was not ready to face her.

Offhandedly, she had mentioned she was tired. She had only slept a couple of
hours last night. I told her I could relate thinking back to the fairly recent
nights where I didn't need to sleep.

"This is something that I always try to say on the first date. I am bipolar."

For the first time, it wasn't me who had to confess something in the first
date.

Like Alice, many years ago, now it was me who said me too.

When I asked her about her experiences disclosing to her dates, I shared that
for me personally it was not something that I really think of during my dates.
It wasn't until one or two hours later that I finished the thought and let her
know that I am trans.

She did not know.

I saw in her eyes as she connected the dots moments before mentioning outloud
the trans flag that is next to the mexican one in my profile. She had seen it,
noticed it, suspected it; yet she was not sure. She saw my pictures, she saw me
in person, she was sitting, facing me, for hours, and yet she was still
surprised when I mentioned it.

After two pints on my side and three of hers, we called it a night. We walked
together to the metro and rode the orange line until Berri-UQAM, where she took
off to switch to the green line.

As she exited the train, I sat down on a free seat by the window. I grabbed my
phone, opened Majo's conversation to let her knwo how I would talk to her about
my latest date in relation to 1) being bipolar, 2) maternity, 3) her being the
spitting image of Monica, 4) the trans flag, and 5) the tarot reading.

In another conversation, I wrote a raw, vulnerable, and hopeful text that
I desperately hope won't go long before being opened and eventually replied.

### Friday, November 15th, 2024

>clarabelais > `hi Sofía, sorry i am not really...`

***

Sonny thinks I might be slipping somwhere closer into a hypomanic episode.
After yesterday's conversation with Florence and how she was hospitalized for
a month in a mental institute while having psychosis, the word mania feels so
far away and unreachable.

Before I was first diagnosed a couple of years ago, I remember posting
a picture of me sitting at a table in Argana, arching my fingers over the wood
and smiling directly to whoever was behind the camera. The caption below the
picture said: Male version of me; he's hot.

Tonight I felt the urge to look for a picture of 10 years younger. I found one
standing in front of the ruins of somewhere in Spain. My hair is just as black;
shorter, but not too much. There is dark facial hear around my mouth, which is
arched in a subtle but warm smile. My eyes are smaller, but the difference is
barely noticeable; present yet so faint that you can only perceive something
different without being able to locate its origin. I contrasted that picture
with one more than 120 months in the future. I am standing somewhere in this
apartment, wearing a blouse in a red only a couple shades away from the
previous one. My skin seems softer, a delicate softness that is apparent as
a lighter tone. My eyes seem fuller and rounder. Unlike in my previous life,
there I don't care for subtleties; my smile is full, overbearing with
intention. Despite being a decade older, there is an aura of youth around me.

*Radiant*, was how Sonny used to describe me.

I, just like a couple of years ago, felt tempted to share this stark contrast.

Who looks older?

Last night, Florence shared with me her intimate and personal story of having
aborted a pregngny from an Australian trans woman. I can't remember now if
I was thinking of her, of my own Monica, when touched myself under the sheets.
Maybe it was about the preambles of my first kiss with Alexia, or the usual
fantasy of what would have happened had I kissed the woman of the couple with
whom I was cuddling on her couch. The fantasy evolves to me accepting the
advances of her partner. I grab him without letting go of his girlfriend.
I turned towards him and start kissing him. I rub his chest while her hands are
on my body. I unzip his pants and start following with my mouth the path that
hands had just walked. I was not thinking of Florence nor her trans partner
before I reached my orgasm. It was not until I felt the clear and warm liquid
that stained my cheats and wet my fingers, that they came to my mind.

I woke up early in the morning. I attributed it to the alcohol my lack of
capacity to go back to sleep despite being 7h. I was on my phone. I replied to
some texts, maybe Sonny's maybe Alda's.

It was later in the morning. I was just starting to wash the dishes before
starting to brew my iced coffee. I was on a call with Sonny. Clara's name
showed up in a red notification on the top of my screen. The first words that
I unintentionally read made me lose my breath. My mind stopped in the middle of
a thought as I just stopped speaking. Another notification followed. I left the
soaped up dishes and walked towards my room when a third one came.

I didn't want to open them. Instead I refreshed the story of what had happened
to Sonny.

With the context that I could infer from the half-messages that I was able to
read by the shooting notifications, my worry of an outright rejection was
almost completely dissipated.

I don't remember if I was still on the call with Sonny, when I dared to fully
read what Clara had said.

>clarabelais > `...really reactive [...] unfortunately this weekend i have
>a friend visiting from California, trying to juggle between this and work, i'm
>not sure i would have some time left tho i would have loved seing you.`\
>clarabelais > `i'll let you know about like sunday maybe, but can't promise`

Throughout the day I have been trying to work, but I have not been able to
successfully hold my focus.

>Sofía > `me tome mis pastillas hace como 45 minutos y ya me estoy empezando
>a sentir mal`

That was one of the texts that I sad Majo a couple of minutes ago.

I was tempted to order a couple of A&W burgers, but instead decided to eat
a second pita with hummus and bologna. The last pita bread had a green spot of
mold. I considered again the idea of ordering, before thinking about using
a couple of corn tortillas instead. They were damp in a liquid that I didn't
quite trust. Fortunately, I found a bag of instantaneous soup on my counter.
Now I'll have another bowl of it, before going to pass out on my bed

### Saturday, November 16th, 2024

>clarabelais > `Yeah I’d love to. Thinking about you now cause I quickly went
>to support a friend doing stand up in a Mexican place, everything is in
>Spanish and I’m the only persona non Latina, experiencing your church feeling
>tonight.`

***

I walked up to the pharmacy and noticed a gray fence blocking the entrance.
I was confused until I noticed the times posted by the door. Weekends closing
hours are 18h. This might be the first night skipping a dose.

Despite going to bed relatively early last night, I couldn't get out of bed
before noon.

Miriam said she would be picking me up at 15h. I postponed the alarm until 13h,
giving me plenty of time to shower and get ready. After coming out of the
bathroom and putting on my clothes I had still time left to make and drink an
iced coffee.

I wore the black t-shirt from my trip to Puerto Vallarta a couple of years ago,
and a thin pullover from back when I used to be a teenager. The combination of
the padless bralette and the fitting racerback shirt made my chest look flat.

Last night, as I was in bed, under the covers and with the lights dimmed of,
I got the notification of two new messages from Clara. I took a screenshot of
the notifications and sent them to Majo. A few hours ago, she sent me a reel of
two women hugging with the caption No solo ilusionaste a mi amiga, nos
ilusionaste a las dos porque yo viví su historia como si fuera la mía.

I haven't received a text from Clara letting me now if she'll have time to meet
tomorrow. I don't know anymore if I want to receive that message that I was
looking forward to. I had gotten home from my platonic date with Miriam. I saw
a story from Alex with his—I suppose—partner at Centre Bell. I replied to it
asking if they were in Montréal. Unlike the girls I date, he replied almost
instantly. We exchanged a couple of messages and he let me know they'd stay
here until Monday morning.

>jalilorthega > `Que vas a hacer mañana en la nochi?`

I thought about how free second-half of Sunday that was conveniently left empty
for a potential date that would probably not happen. My reply last night to
Clara had been seen a couple of hours before. There were no messages under it.

>soffiafdz > `estaba quedando con alguien mañana, pero no se hizo nada.
> estás/están libres??`

I will meet them around Old Port by around 19h. I will have plenty of time
after my brunch with Sarah in the late morning. She sent me a quick and subtle
confirmation text this evening.

I had realized after my date with Florence that I don't want to meet any new
people. I sent a message to the newest match that appeared on my Tinder. Her
bio ended with I love hot nerds.

>Sofía > `i am a nerd, i am kinda hot, and i am ready to be loved.`

Almost as quick as her first reply did the conversation finally died.

Miriam picked me up 20 minutes after 15h. We parked the car close to Dieu du
ciel. We walked to La drogheria fine, and ordered two boxes of gnocchi. I think
they overcharged her, but said nothing. We continued our conversation as we
walked towards the park in front of Siboire. She told me about how she lived in
Querétaro. She talked about her son. When we finished our cheap meals, we
decided to go to the Cinema and wait there until 17h30, when the shorts would
start.

She was unsure whether ordering alcohol or not. I told her that I would have it
if she did, but I had no problem drinking something else. She must have debated
the idea in her own head before deciding to get a cider. We got two glasses of
the house cider. She also paid for them. We took our drinks to the high table
bar and she continued telling me the story of how she got to know Misael.

The second half of our conversation in the cinema consisted in her updating me
about the guy she was seeing for a year and with whom she met the night we came
back from Ottawa. We went inside to the theater, grabbed our seats, and she
finished telling me how she had decided to stop seeing him.

The shorts were not good. I enjoyed only the second one, Gender Reveal. The
director came afterwards and answered a couple of questions. When we got back
to her car, I asked her to leave me by the metro station since I needed to pick
up my medication at the pharmacy. We said our good-byes and I told her to
update me about her date tomorrow with the French guy.

As I am finishing this words, I got the idea of taking my camera next time
I see Clara and asking her to take a picture of me.

>Sofía > `cuando lo de clara no se de, vamos a sufrir las dos`

I replied to Majo's reel.

### Tuesday, November 19th, 2024

>clarabelais > `Are free anytime this weekend?`\
>clarabelais > `You*`

***

Fabiola suggested me to give writing another try. I started our session by
telling her how these past few days I have not been feeling that great. I did
not go to the office neither today nor yesterday. Both days I found it really
hard to get out of bed.

I skipped my dosis Saturday night. I met with Sarah Sunday morning. We met
outside Le toasteur. The wait was going to be an hour, so she took my offer of
getting a coffee beforehand at Café Nocturne. I told her my story of being
stood up and curing my hungover at that same place.

We chatted and had our late breakfast. I walked her to her car by Parc Jarry.
We talked about meeting again some time before my departure next month. On my
way back to my apartment, I passed by the pharmacy to finally pick up my
medication.

I don't remember if I wrote about it, but I met with Alex. I saw his story with
his partner at Centre Bell and after slightly catching up, we agreed to meet
Sunday evening. I proposed Brewsky. It was the first time either of us saw each
other since College. I enjoyed talking with him much more than I thought
I would.

Miriam texted me asking how my date had been. I asked her about her coffee date
with her French guy. "No me gustó," she told me. "Todo me dice que ahorita le
pare y me enfoque en los negocios."

Coming back from my second platonic date, after promosing him that I would send
him my journal entry of my night with Bea, I grabbed my laptop and took it with
me to bed. Instead of writing about our chat, I went in and edited it a bit
more. I uploaded the pdf to Google Drive and sent him the link. Yesterday—or
maybe today—he liked the message as a mark of appreciation.

Yesterday was a day that I completely lost.

I did try to work. I sat down at the computer and continued working on my
scripts. I progressed. I still felt like I failed.

I had no food and lacked the energy to put on clothes for going outside to get
groseries. I ordered myself a pizza, justifying the high price with the fact
that it would serve me for three or even four days.

I don't want to write about Nicola and how she liked me on hinge, forgetting
that we had met and gone out on a date two or three years ago. I don't want to
write either about Isabelle—is that even her name?—with whom I exchanged
instagram accounts after she apologized for not responding to my texts. have
u had the time to stalk the old pics in my profile or was it just me?

I feel the sadness creeping up in the corners, like the little mice that have
sneakily eaten all of the peanut butter that I put in the traps. In my session
I briefly talked about the idea of being a mother or a father.

> Sofía > `im not sure but i think my first kiss could have been considered
> sexual assault`

The subject seemed to come up again. Majo started talking about one of her
friend talking about how her last date had been so attentive and caring, by
walking her to the metro. We started talking about gender expectations, and
their difference in homosexual relationships compared to straight ones. Aliza
brought up the safety issue, which led me to mention how I overtrust my dates
because they are women.

I did not bring the subject up to Fabiola. I remember how the last time that
I thought about this and mentioned it to Sonny, I intentionally left it out or
avoided going into detail when I wrote about that day in the journal. Right
now, again, I seem to be doing everything to walk around it.

Aliza asked me how old we were. I told her I don't really remember. I had not
reached puberty, and neither of them either. They played putting on a lipstick
that smelled rancid to me. I felt uneasy even before they started. They both
got over me and I couldn't move away. I don't remember feeling their lips even
though they both kissed me all over my face and neck. The only thing I remember
is the smell. Would it not count anymore if they missed my lips?

### Sunday, November 24th, 2024

>"I thought about it, but wasn't sure, on our first date. I knew it after the
>second. And, now, right now, I really, really want to kiss you."

***

A couple of days ago, Majo brought up a recent conversation she had with Aliza.
She said she would tell me everything the next time we would see each other.
I might have been coming back from working at Oui mais non.

I asked her what were her plans for the next day, Saturday, yesterday. She was
supposed to meet some friends, but that was supposed to happen at night.
I offered her to meet me before and I could buy her the coffee that I owed her
for giving me the idea of my third date with Clara.

Earlier in the week, I double-texted her telling her about a current LGBT
film-festival—the one that Majo had just told me about—there were a couple of
movies that caught my eye. One on Friday and the other on Saturday at 21h. She
replied back less than an hour later, saying that she would love to go with me,
Saturday would work better, and that we could meet a bit before. A couple of
days later, she finalized the plan by asking me if meeting at 19h30 would work
for me.

I suggested Majo to meet at 15h, somewhere around Berri-Uqam or place-des-arts.
That same morning, we changed our plans to meet at 14h.

I finished getting ready. I wore a black denim skirt over black tights and
a blue over-sized top. I put on eyeliner and a subtle eyeshadow. Last minute,
I decided to open a new set of contacts. I confessed to Majo that I felt
displeased with how I was looking. She told me she would let me know after
seeing me. I was aware that my over-consciousness came from an irrational place
and was not-based in reality.

I put my camera inside my purse and took it with me. I talked with Majo about
my impulse of asking Clara to take a picture of me. Although I was not
convinced of actually doing that, since Majo would be seeing her friends,
I could kill some time by trying to finish the roll in those free hours before
meeting Clara.

Majo and I went to Lola Rosa. We shared a poutine. We stayed a couple of hours
in the restaurant. Lately we have been seeing each other quite frequently and
for long periods of time. She told me that I looked good, pretty. By that
point, my distasteful insecurity had downgraded to a faint indifference.

We stayed around the area, walking around complexe desjardins. For a while we
stayed sitting by the christmas tree looking at the children play with balloons
around it. There was a baby that we jokingly referred to as bebé señora.

We talked about my date. A couple of days ago, Majo told me that she believed
I should not concern myself with telling Clara about me being trans, and
instead focus on disseminating how I really feel about her.

A guy passed by and looked at me from head to toes. Majo noticed him first.
Even now, as I am writing this, I am not sure how exactly do I feel with this
idea of being seen and not being sure of the intention behind being noticed.

Majo's friend arrive and Majo introduced us. She was coming from a date, also
her third. We went to Le central and sat down by an indian spot. A bit later,
another friend of theirs joined us.

At around 19h15, I stood up and started heading to Berri-UQAM. I opened Clara's
conversation on instagram 13 minutes later. Three gray dots let me know that
she also had the conversation open on her end. My message appeared first
stating that I was inside the station, at the very center of it, sitting on the
only available place to sit. Then it was hers, letting me know she was waiting
for the metro to come here.

Around 15 minutes later she arrived. We hugged. I considered the idea of
kissing her on the cheek, but decided not to. We went outside and walked by the
village looking for a place to drink something. We passed by la graine brûlée
and I mentioned it was a café that I liked which had coffee, tea, and even
drinks. We considered going in, but I let her take the choice. I argued that
I had picked our activity and the movie, it was her turn to decide. We
continued walking.

Somewhen in our walk she noticed a limousine waiting by the red light. I told
her about quinceañeras in Mexico, and how it's really normal for 15 year old
girls and their chambelanes to ride them before their party celebrating turning
into women.

"Did you have one?" she asked me.

I hesitated before replying. "No," I said as a half-truth.

"You did not become a woman?"

"I became a woman in quite a different way."

We got to the next metro station before we decided to head back. None of the
bars looked appetizing. We returned to the first proposed café. We grabbed each
a can of a cocktail, she got herself a brownie. By the cashier, there were two
shots next to the question ce que vous prefereriez: One had a piece of paper
that said: *ne plus jamais tomber amoroux*. And the other: *ne plus jamais
baiser*.

I took that philosophical question and used it as a spark for our conversation.
She said that not falling in love again would be too sad. I counter-argued that
it would be horrible being in love with someone and not being able to have sex
with them.

We walked back to UQAM and got into the theater where they would project the
movie. She left to pee and I stayed waiting for her. I noticed a familiar face
in a small group of people to my right. She was a woman whom I have seen on the
apps. I was not sure if we ever talked or even matched.

As we waited to get in, Clara asked me if I had preferences concerning where to
seat in the theaters. I said that as long as it wasn't the first rows, I did
not really mind. I returned the question to her, and she told me how she likes
seating on the very ends, in case she has to get out for an emergency or
something.

"That is called anxiety, love."

We got in and struggled to find to connecting available seats. We scouted for
them and ended running to the front rows to grab two on the opposite end of the
hall. I graciously offered her the aisle seat. Both of us followed my idea of
putting our coats on the back of our seats.

During the movie I kept thinking about reaching over to her seat. Sometimes
I wanted to put gently my hand on her thigh, but her legs were crossed and
pointing to the other direction. Other times I wanted to stroke her arm and
arriving on her hand, grabbing it, but her hands were busy holding themselves.
I just laid my arm on our shared armrest and waited for her.

By the end of the movie, her elbow and full arm were positioned right next to
mine. I felt the warmth of her body through her pink sweatshirt. We stayed in
that position during the Q&A with the director.

When the questions ended, I patted her thigh and looked her in the eye as
I said, "I have to ask you something."

She looked at me serious and expecting me to continue. I held her sight as
I grabbed my coat and started it putting it on while we slowly stood up.

"Right now?" she said, trying to figure out what I was going to ask.

"Yes," I started. "Can you take me to the restrooms."

"Sofía, you are so dramatic."

We walked back to the metro station. We went inside and were looking for the
way to our direction. I asked her if she was hungry, referring back to a funny
moment where a grumbling sound came from her stomach and she apologized. She
said she could eat. I offered her to look for some place. It was close to
midnight, yet she did not disregard my attempt to prolong our goodbye.

She proposed a pub close to her house and by the metro station. We rode the
metro and got off at station Beaubien. We got there and double-checked in the
maps that it would close at 2h. When we got inside, the waitress warned us that
the kitchen was going to close soon. We shared a small bag of fries. She got
herself a lager and I a glass of cider.

I told her my rehearsed speech of having two available secrets and letting her
choose one.

"On one hand, I have option tea. On the other, there's option Kafe, but with
a K, like in German."

She picked option K, so I confessed my desire to kiss her. She smiled
surprised, but kept herself from saying me too in any form, either verbal or
not.

"So, what about option T?"

I asked her if she wanted all the build-up or just saying it straight up. She
picked the former.

I told her how I did not know if she knew already, but now I thought not.
I told her how my friend had told me not to tell her, actually. I might have
made a reference to the quinceañera conversation we had, but she did not
remember the term, and thus, missed the connection. So, I just said it. "It's
that I am trans."

We continued talking about it for a bit. She just nodded, as a signal of
understanding. I kept myself from asking, in any form, verbal or not, so, is it
an issue for you?

Later, I asked her, "but, what about you? on which date did you first want to
kiss me?"

"Well," she smiled again. "I'm not sure. Perhaps this one, maybe not."

"Yeah? maybe a future one?"

We kept looking straight at each other and smiling.

We paid our bills and put on our coats. I asked her which directions would she
head out to. She pointed to the left. For me, I would have to take the night
bus, since it was past 1h, which was to the right. We headed outside to the
cold night. I looked her straight in her blueish green eyes, waiting. She
smiled fully and asked me what was it. I laughed and lied by saying "nothing."

She offered me to walk me to the bus. I reaffirmed her that she really did not
have to.

"It's OK," she insisted. "I can walk with you, and just not wait until it
passes."

I understood she was buying time, before either deciding if she wanted to kiss
me, or gathering the will to do it.

We saw the bus that she would take back to her house pass. When we got to the
metro station, I offered her to go inside and see if another one was going to
pass. In my phone, I saw there was still another metro towards Montmorency.
I had 10 minutes.

I brought up again le festival triste next Saturday, but after confirming its
time, she let me know it would be impossible for her to attend. I asked her if
we could see each other again before our departures in December.

"Yes, yes, absolutely," she said so sure of herself leaving me no space for
doubt to set in.

"So, you said something about kissing me."

"Yeah, I think I did," I said back smiling, excited for what was about to
happen next.

I forgot exactly her words that made me tease her with "you don't sound very
convinced."

Her smile did not go away, as she said, "non, non; I really want to."

I walked towards her and put my hand in her puffy arm over her purple coat.
I felt her lower lip first. We continued kissing as she put her fingers in my
now messy hair. I got closer until I felt the warmth of her thigh. I started
smiling without pulling away.

I saw her slowly pulling away and opening her eyes.

"That was nice," she said smiling. We said our good-byes and she started
walking away.

"I will see you," were her last words before she left and I entered the metro
station to catch the last train home.

### Wednesday, November 27th, 2024

>*Por años, el rojo fue mi color favorito.\
>Qué ingenua;\
>¿cómo podría comparar el fuego y el vino\
>con la cálida bienvenida de\
>su mirada turquesa e infinita,\
>incendiada en la luz ámbar de la madrugada?*
>
>*Ofrecí venderle un secreto.\
>Qué ingenua;\
>¿cómo podría guardar cualquier misterio\
>si, al mirarme así y sin decir nada,\
>el océano inquieto de sus ojos\
>me desarma, me desnuda y me vuelve a vestir?*

***

I got sick after Saturday. Sunday I started with a tingling bad omen in my
throat. The next morning, I replied to an email to the lab letting them know
that it would be impossible for me to join the lab meeting. I slept most of the
day.

A sore throat turned into cough which then turned into allergy symptoms.

This morning Aliza practiced her candidacy presentation in a Zoom call with
Majo and me. I woke up at around 7h. I showered and walked to the bakery to buy
myself a croissant for breakfast. I had it with a large mug of coffee sitting
down at my desk not working.

Aliza is more ready than a couple of weeks ago. I think she will do fine.
Probably even better than how I did.

We dropped the call and I got back to my coding. I haven't been able to be
productive all week. I need to have something ready to show Louis tomorrow,
especially if I intend to tell him about my flight in two weeks.

I am wearing my mustard pants with a white button-up under a wine-coloured
sweater. When she saw me, Aliza asked me if I had dressed up to go to the lab
or if I was just overly-dressed to stay home. I did not tell her—I think—that
I have a date with Sarah tonight.

Is it really a date?

I thought about cancelling. I had reason enough to do it. I did not.

A couple of days ago I let Clara know that I had gotten sick and was worried
about being contagious. She non-chalantly disregarded my worries by saying
that, being the flu season, she would be getting sick one way or another.

I did not let it go and brought up explicitly my insecurity by mentioning our
kiss. I regretted my response shortly after sending it and considered deleting
it. It remained unseen for a complete day. To this moment, it is
unacknowledged.

I told Majo about my regret and she asked me about it. I told her I was
embarrased and would prefer not to let her know its contents. It was as if
keeping it a secret I could avoid the responsability of it.

I opened up this dairy thinking about how I haven't written in it all week.
I drafted a short poem at the top, as an epilogue. After finishing a wave of
dread washed over me. An intense urge to run away shocked my legs. Going away,
escaping. I texted Majo about how I felt the urge to ignore the inexistent
message that I did not receive from Clara, how I wanted to actively avoid
seeing her in the next few weeks and to force me to calm down my potentially
uncontrolable and unwarranted emotions.

She asked me where I was. After I told her I was still in my apartment, she
offered to call me. We talked for a bit about how I am feeling. I confessed how
I am scared by the intensity of my infatuation.

"The kiss did not make it better," she said somewhere in our conversation.

A couple of days ago I posted a story on instagram of the pink book I borrowed
from the library. Next to it was the pink mug that Paty had given me. I made no
mention of it, despite intentionally including it in the frame. Paty took my
bait and sent me a short but direct acknowledgment. Amo.

As if it meant anything, I avoided opening the conversation like a payback for
the many times that my messages were left as castaways. Yesterday, I posted
another story with a similar intention, but different objective.

For some reason, immediately after posting a second one referencing my trip to
Mexico, I hid it from Clara's eyes. But, Paty saw it. She reached out, again,
asking me if I was coming to Mexico once again.

This morning—or was it last night?—I replied to her.

Misael added me to a group chat with information about his birthday party on
the 14th. Curious, I went to the newborn chat's list of members, with the
explicit intention of seeing how many people I would recognize, and the
preconscious urge of looking for a specific name in there.

`jalilorthega a créé le groupe.`\
`jalilorthega a ajouté urfuckii.supreme.`

### Thursday, November 28th, 2024

>*Los he visto parar el tiempo al curvarse en un gesto.\
>He probado de ellos el futuro en un beso sabor a promesa.*
>
>*Pero de tus labios, lo que más me fascina,\
>es cuando dibujan sobre la noche mi nombre en un susurro.*

***

I did not go to the office today either. I will not go tomorrow filling the
week in absences.

I have worked, but not as much as I should. I have completely disregarded by
now the idea of finishing my third manuscript before the Christmas break.
I confessed to Louis this as well as my departure from Montréal in the next
couple of weeks.

Before my meeting with Louis, as I was opening my emails looking for any
updates, I was surprised by Melissa's name and her two-year-old answer to one
of my emails birthed from a manic-induced project.

She talks about catching up with old emails provoked by the need of cleaning up
memory. She longs for a delete forever option that would work in her own mind.
Her message ends with a provoking sign-off:

>*Te pregunto, ¿lograste aceptarte y quererte?*

I reached out to Majo.

>Sofía > `have i not grown up in two years?`

For some reason, I opened instagram on my web browser and started threading
through old stories. I saw my hair change: grow and get shorter. I saw the
different memes that referenced particular moments of my past, like inside
jokes for myself let out teasing about a private life held off from the
unknowing parties.

>Majo > `Sientes que sí o no?`

>Sofía > `not sure`

That was the only thought I got.

This morning I have been talking with Paty. I had replied a story of hers on
which she poses with a dress in front of a mirror before going to a Belanova
concert. She wanted to know if my shock was good or bad. I just said that
I thought it might have been the first time I saw her in a dress. She proved me
wrong with a picture of a group of us posing at one of Yaaj's events. I replied
taking responsability of my own error with a picture of her of that same day
walking up the stage to introduce somebody for something. Both pictures were
from the event on which we openly flirted with each other, on which we broke
the touch barrier and she leaned on my shoulder several times throughout the
night. It was the same night when she said the famous words:

>*Ay Sofía, sólo porque tengo novia, sino, súper sí.*

I told her about seeing her one day during the week that I will stay in Mexico
City. I mentioned having something to give her, despite me not having bought
anything yet. I kept flirting with her in the following texts before we
actually set in stone the intentions of seeing each other by ourselves.

*¿Ahora, de nuevo, vas a volver a dejarme ir sin besarme?*

Tomorrow is Aliza's candidacy exam. She told us about going to a bar somewhere
by Atwater at night after she goes to Temple. I am still undecided if I will go
or not. Majo, on the other hand, is sure that she will skip it.

Earlier I shared with Alda my idea of a potential second game I could propose
to Clara. When I fantasized about sharing a bottle of wine as a date in my
apartment, the other part of it consisted in playing We are not really
strangers. I asked her if it would be possible to borrow it from her, and if
she believed it would be a good idea. She answered affirmatively to both of my
queries.

When I mentioned it to Majo, she had another insightful observation.

>Majo > `Wey, pero o sea, justo eso habiamos hablado. Que con amigas, a usted
>no le molesta hacer cosas; o no sobre-piensa todas las acciones que quiere
>hacer; pero, con la gente que usted quiere como pareja, o como algo, duda de
>cada acción y que eso induce tal vez más ansiedad.`

She finished suggesting that maybe I should treat Clara more like a friend.
Because she is also that, not only a—potential—partner, but also a friend.

I told her I disagreed. I argued that, despite having things in common,
a friend's love is characterized as it not being born from desire.

We then changed the topic, when I told her about Melissa's email.

Several times I wanted to tell her, but decided not to, that I have been
writing poetry and using chatGPT to translate it into French. To get an idea of
how she would read it.

### Friday, November 29th, 2024

>I felt a quiet sadness after I wrote you a poem in my language, one you don't
>understand.
>
>Then, I was struck by how much more beautiful it reads in yours, a language
>I cannot speak.

***

I haven't replied to Melissa's mail.

I just got home from Aliza's post-candidacy exam night at the bar. She asked us
to meet her at 21h45 after her going to Temple. Majo had told me she was not
thinking of going. I was still undecided until this afternoon.

I did not sleep very well. At 3h I drafted a story after editing some old
pictures I found in my archive. The first one said: I wonder if I write poems
of people I have just met for the same reason I like take photographs of people
who do not know me. It was the picture of the blonde young women sitting on
a bench in the small baie by San Diego's airport. I took it with Sonny's camera
at the exact moment she turned towards me. The moment exacerbates the cheapness
and lack of controls in the plastic camera, which results in a dream-like
blurriness. The second one, a black-and-white shot of a man sitting down framed
by the pilars of somewhere inside Central Park:

>Perhaps there is a particular beauty in creating art from complete strangers.

There was a third one that I worked on, but decided not to post. It was a shot
taken by Sonny of a subway train leaving one of the stations. The coloured
filter and lack of light gives it a touch that I found emotional and nostalgic.
In the text framing this snapshot, I directly referenced both of the poems that
I wrote these past nights, and the division marked by the language barrier; the
impossibility of sharing a deep personal part of myself in a way that can be
completely percieved.

Lastly, I edited a picture of a mural of a pair of children; the boy holding
a bouquet of flowers behind his back, and the girl in front of him a mace
enlaced in nails. I titled the picture *Amor y defensas*.

I fell asleep some time before 5h. I had some failed attempts of waking up on
which I looked at the phone to see the number of people who had seen my
intimate midnight sharings. I was not satisfied until I saw Clara's name in the
list. The next time that I grabbed my phone, the notification with her name of
it was about new messages in our conversation. She started by wishing me
a speedy recovery to my healthiest self and reassured me that her potential
sickness might be more a sign of her hypochondria. She apologized again about
not being a quick responder and mentioned an unexpected issue with her
apartment. Then, she went back like she's has been doing since our first date
and liked both my second story and my posted picture. Did she suspect that my
poem referenced her? Would she feel flattered or threatened? Was I hoping for
her to mention it in our conversation or to ask me directly?

She has not replied back. I told myself that, regardless of whether she replies
or not, I'll reach out tomorrow again, possibly asking her about her peruvian's
friend lunch and maybe offering her information about the sad short films, but
definitely asking her about our last date of the year.

I met with Alda in the early afternoon, after finishing the second half of
vegetabe soup I cooked this week. We went to a couple of shops looking for
a cute detail to buy for Paty and Misael. She wanted to get something for
Sonny, too.

One of the stores was Indigo, on which I bought myself a French book, despite
just a couple of days before telling Sarah that I had decided not to buy books
again and instead getting them out of the library. I considered getting a black
mug with two—one red and another blue—mixtapes. It was a bit cheaper than the
previous option I found at Urban Outfitters, a white and black taller cup that
had several motifs that reminded me of her.

Jokingly, when I was texting Majo, I told her that my idea was of getting
a postcard from Montreal and writing on it:

>*A mi crush que más años ha durado.*\
>*Siempre (casi) tuya, S.*

I finished the joke with the idea of signing with the lipstick outline of
a kiss. But for that second part I was actually joking.

\newpage

## December, 2024

### Tuesday, December 3rd, 2024

>I miss the idea I built of you.

***

It's been sneaking in for a couple of days, but I was expecting this since
almost two months ago. It was long due.

I went yesterday to the office after skipping the whole week. I was sick for
most of it, but it did not stop me from actually going outside the house. I met
Alda to go pick up a gift for Paty, I met with Aliza to celebrate her passed
candidacy exam, I went with Majo to make use of the two tickets I bought for
the festival triste.

Today, I stayed home for both my sessions with the psychiatrist and with
Fabiola.

"I... I don't feel depressed yet, but I feel it coming. I think I'd like to
increase the dose."

He looked as if he was faking a face of compassion and understanding. We went
from 150mg to 200mg. I received the call from the pharmacy and I requested to
have the six weeks and the other month of my hormones and antiandrogens. That
would be precisely enough to last me the whole winter break.

I do not remember if it was before my session with Fabiola or after, that
I heated some beef and rice for breakfast. When I took out the tupperware
containers from the fridge I noticed the months old cans of beer and cider.
Have I really not drunk at home in all this time?

I feel tempted to grab one. Even the water bottle filled with Albanian liquor
that Alda brought me from her last trip home feels appetizing.

"How about your romantic life?" asked me Fabiola after I said that everything
has been going well at the office and with my friends.

Do I want to write in here how before this sentence I stopped writing and went
for two sips of raki? I opened the fridge and realized that it was only
a deceiving wrapper rather than a leftover can of cider. I considered grabbing
the older—and much stronger—beer. I have to leave in an hour. I do not think
I will be able to finish it nor that it would be a good idea to arrive at
Aliza's noticeably drunk.

Yesterday, rather than sadness or melancholy, I was in an easily-distractable
and irritable mood. I got angry with Sonny when, after I had repeatedly told
her to just give me a quantity to deposit her, she started over-explaining
again after giving me an initial number which I finish transferring by the
moment she was in the middle of arguing for me to send her more money.
I realized I was not rational, and thus I told her it would be better if we
stopped talking. Later that night I apologized by telling her that I was aware
I was not being fair, but I still did not want to speak.

Thursday Aliza proposed me to go to her house to put her up to date with my
latest dating phase. I guess by now it is over. I have deleted my Tinder
account and hid my Hinge one. Both apps are no longer in my phone. I will not
be seeing Sarah again this year, and probably it will be the same with Clara.

It was probably the night between Saturday and Sunday, when she replied to
latest messages that I had sent her earlier that same night asking her about
her peruvian friend's food and sharing about the short films. She told me the
details she had omitted about her latest housing problems. She continued
talking about her long night working that same day and finishing with
a question about the shorts, half-way twisting it to a request for
recommendations. I had my phone in my hands and saw each message come up live.
I hesitated but replied immediately. Both my responses that night and the
message I sent her yesterday asking her if she would have a free evening this
week are unseen.

As soon as I sent the latter, I regretted it.

Her latest messages were both a long vent—her own words, not mine—about her
roommates and how they need to find two rather than just one replacements, and
here long working hours. And my response was asking her to see me. It is not
just selfish, but tone-deaf. I deserve to remain ignored.

I lost count of how many times I have muted and unmuted her conversation.

I start feeling the raki warming up my face.

### Wednesday, December 4th, 2024

>I shut close the drapes and turned off the lights.\
>I took cover under the cold sheets, hiding myself\
>from the coming storm within me.

***

I woke up early enough that I could have gone to the office. I turned off the alarm instead.

In my calendar I had but a single event. Today was a talk about the process of submitting the thesis. It was scheduled to start at noon. I barely made it.

I made myself a glass of coffee with the last paper filter I had left. I sipped it while I half-heard someone talk about the steps I would need to follow in the upcoming year.

I don't remember if it was before or after the talk that I shut off my phone.

The only light inside my apartment is the desk lamp behind this dark screen. Even if the curtains were open, it is dark outside despite being still too early to drink.

I ran out of fingers to count the times I have cried today.

I had something to eat, so my stomach was not empty when I went back again to the reused water bottle almost filled with Alda's Albanian rakia.

I feel the warm fruity breath with every sip I take.

Last night I drank enough that when I tried to speak at the pharmacy, my words would drag and stumble upon themselves. I sent a text to Majo confessing I was drunk before even getting to Aliza's. Her worry urged her to call me. I declined her call and lied saying I was alright.

I do not know if it was noticeable enough for Aliza.

We had plans, María and I, to meet today after work. I cancelled on her. I postponed it to tomorrow. I asked her to buy coffee filters for me, maybe unconsciously pushing me to actually meet with her tomorrow.

A couple of hours ago, when I turned the phone and got out of bed, I grabbed Albert Camus' book and started reading it. I had not yet started drinking. By now, I have probably drunk more than last night. I do not know if I am trying to hide from my emotions or push them out.

There are, here and then, small murmurs coming through my headphones, interrupting the background music I put to drown my thoughts. I do not know where they are coming from.

Last night, Aliza and I ate burgers at her house. I got myself a poutine with mine. After talking about the girls I have gone out on dates these past few months that she was busy with her school work, she reciprocated by telling me in her words what I have been intuiting regarding Steph.

I do not know if she noticed I am starting to drown or I was already self-medicating with alcohol. I suspected María might have warned her. When I asked her directly, she denied it. I have no reason to doubt her.

I turned back on my phone. I could not last more than a couple of hours. It has not loaded yet, and I am feeling anxious about the idea of everything remaining empty. No new messages, no new notifications or unreceived messages. An absence that nobody noticed. A tree that fell in the forest without making any sound.

I keep drifting off—from these words, from my own feelings, from reality?—but I am back.

I scanned two or three rolls. I watched the first half-an-hour of Lucía y el sexo. I got drunk with the memories of my last kiss and little sips of alcohol from an old water bottle.

Last time I turned on my phone I had the picture from Sonny for the transference to Misael. There are some reels or images in the conversation with Majo and Aliza, maybe another one in the María's.

I am not sure if the Christmas lunch is tomorrow or Friday. I think it is the 6th. Tomorrow I will meet with Louis and then with María. The day after I will go to the lab's lunch and will probably have a good-enough time. Next week I will be waking up in another bed. The week after I will go back to not sleeping alone.

Have I run out of tears already? Or are they just hidden from me.

Why am I thinking about motherhood?

Why are the faceless children I dreamed of, with curly and blonde hair, coming to me now?

I am not capable of making life; only death resides within me.

### Sunday, December 8th, 2024

>I reach for the night we invented love, but the stars blur, their edges
>unspoken.\
>A memory fading between dream and shadow, a moment unraveling in silence, its
>heartbeat dimmed, its warmth scattered like ashes.\
>Tell me—did you feel it too, this quiet undoing?\
>Or is it only me, grieving a ghost I can no longer hold?

***

I am waiting right now.

I am waiting a couple of months before my PhD defense; a couple of days to
travel to Mexico and see my friends, my family, my dog again; an hour before
walking to station Jarry to meet with Clara and bring her to my place.

Earlier this week she told me of the possibility of meeting
Saturday—yesterday—if her long-planned trip to Quebec were not to happen. She
explained it probably wouldn't. My replies to her text remained unseen the
following days. I tried to convince myself that whatever happened, whether
I saw her or not before January would be alright. I went to bed Friday with the
sketch of hope about waking up in the morning and reading her text proposing
a time. When I looked at my phone throughout the morning, it always remained
empty.

I was venting with Majo about my disappointment and sadness and even
irritation. She asked me what was it that made me upset.

>Sofía > `cuz it takes 10 secs to write sorry, i can't saturday/tomorrow/today;
>or not just that, opening the conversation.`\
>Sofía > `i feel like an afterthought, and i deserve more than that.`

It probably was not more than an hour before the notification came. She laughed
at the photography reel I had send her, and told me how she had just seen it
the day before and thought about me. Then, she said her trip to Quebec had not
happen as expected, so we could do something chill at around 6 or 7 if I were
still down for it.

I told her to meet me at Station Jarry at 7. She confirmed it, and I continued
with my day.

There was still a sense of uneasyness. Something didn't sit well within me.

It might have been the night before. I was thinking about my plans for our
date—were it to happen. I thought about the questions game that Alda and I used
to play. You see, the point of the game is to come up with unanswerable
questions; something so deep or personal, that you rather lose a point than to
share an answer. As a follow-up thought, I thought of examples of potential
questions.

*How was the time you lost your virginity?*

I was lying on my bed, face over my pillow and my body under the duvet.
I froze.

>Sofía > `i just realized i can't remember when/how i lost my virginity, and
>words can't describe the sudden grief i am experiencing rn cuz of it.`

Fifteen minutes before the alarm I had set on my phone to signal the time
I would need to start getting my stuff to leave started singing, I got a voice
message from Clara. Its length of almost a minute was the first bad sign.

*Hi Sofia*, it started with a voice that despite easily recognizing, felt new
and adventurous.

There were also tiredness and pain embroided in her words; that was the second
bad sign.

She proposed an exchanged, maybe we could meet this afternoon rather than that
night, go for a coffee or whatever I had planned. Of course, if I was not
available, she would definitely make it, albeit just a bit later since she
needed to sleep some more.

How could I dare to force her to see me, even if I were to have plans today?

>clarabelais > `Thanks you are an angel`

In less than 30 minutes she's supposed to be arriving.

This morning I reach out as promised and shared my plans for last night, and an
alternative option referencing her mention of getting coffee. In the afternoon,
she picked my original plans with the exception of the wine, and proposed
meeting at 16h. My response confirming remains unopened.

I feel nervous. I feel still unconvinced that it is happening.

This is going to be our fourth date. I don't think I have ever come this far
with anyone after Sonny.

What is it with women I have kissed that I rarely see them again?

I have listened to her audio several times. There is something sweet in how she
pronounces my name.

*...and it makes me feel as if i'm the one who's been pronouncing it wrong all
these years.*


\newpage
# 2025 — 32 years old

## January, 2025

### Saturday, January 11th, 2025

>soffiafdz > `haha you got me there; although be warned that i might take
>this as permission to let my corniest side out`

>clarabelais > `Please yes`

>soffiafdz > `you've become my favourite notification`

>clarabelais > `now stop making me smile like this`

***

I was sitting in the waiting area by my gate on the Philadelphia airport. After
barely sleeping on my red-eye flight, I felt melancholic, nostalgic, and easily
irritated. I looked at my phone screen as Clara's notifications kept appearing
one-by-one. She thanked me for the playlist I made for her titled
_Heartbreak hits for middle-aged women doing house chores_.

clarabelais > `i hope you have (had?) a nice trip back!`\
clarabelais > `also are you free friday night?`

I made it to Montréal after three—or was it four?—weeks in México. Passing by
immigration, instead of just waving me in like other years, they sent me to the
_Immigration 1_ room. It was not the same one where I had to present myself
4 years ago in order to defend my application for a study permit. It took me
around an hour and a half between waiting and explaining to the officer how in
a PhD I don't take courses nor have grades.

Exhausted, not long after arriving to my—thankfully already—place, I succumbed
unto my bed and put an end to a long two-sided day.

I decided not to go to the office and stay home. I called the bank to solve the
issue about the mistakenly disputed charges that lead them to blocking my
credit card; then I called the Wellness Hub to schedule an appointment with Dr
Franck to renew my soon-to-expire prescription; finally, I called Biron lab to
schedule an appointment to get my blood drawn since apparently there are no
more phlebotomists at McGill until further notice.

I solved all of those issues before discovering an unforeseen one. When I tried
to schedule my follow-up appointment with Dr Perera, the woman on the other
line informed me that Dr Perera had taken a maternity leave. A different
doctor would be taking over _my medical needs_ in the meantime, or, if needed,
refer me to somebody externally.

I thought back to when I learned that, from the four doctors that work at
McGill, only the absent Hashana was willing to oversee the HRT of trans
patients.

I had my rescheduled meeting with Louis and talked about the plans for the
following weeks.

Clara had proposed me two options for plans for last night. The first one was
a chill night at a games pub where we could play and drink some beers. The
second one was a readaptation of the one I had proposed before our departure:
a night of wine, pizza and winter socks.

I met her, again, at the exit of Station Jarry. This time, as a bookend of her
good-bye kiss outside my apartment back in December, I went to kiss her mouth
before hugging her. We walked back to my place talking about my adventure in
the airport.

She brought two bottles of wine, one red and one white, and a fridge magnet
from Rouen.

We spent most of the night lying down on my couch, in a close conversation
interrupting the mix of songs that kept playing in front of us by Youtube. As
the night went on and we kept refilling our glasses, we got closer to each
other. By midnight, she was fully reclined on my chest, wrapping the arm of the
hand that caressed her thigh with hers as if they were snakes.

"Obviously you can stay the night," I offered her. Several times throughout
the night I would flinch as she started talking, fearing she would let me know
it was her time to leave.

We did not move to my bed until after 2h.

Clara asked me if I had a side of the bed. After I said no, she picked the one
facing the window.

We changed in front of each other without modesty nor desire. I noticed her
tattoos on her arms and thigh and that she was not wearing a bra under her
sleeveless gray undershirt. I lend her the white leggings that I bought on my
last trip home.

Under the covers I continued reaching out to hold her. We both fell asleep
without kissing a second time in the night.

Around 4h, I got up and went to the toilette. Coming back, she echoed my
actions. I heard her hit the couch in the darkness and asked her if she was
alright as she joined me under the covers. I invited her in my arms again.
I started by kissing her cheek. Maybe it was two times. I reached out to her
face and pulled it to mine. I kissed her lips. The first one lead to the second
which lead to the third; each new one charged with intention and desire.
I repositioned myself on top of her. She received me by grabbing me by the
waist and opening her legs. We were kissing almost desperately when I asked
her if I could take off her clothes.

In the morning, I heard her whisper, _Sofi._ I woke up and my eyes searched for
her.

She informed me that she would be leaving in 10 minutes. She sit up with her
back on the headrest. I moved up and placed my head above her left breast.
She held me while she played pulling lone curls of my hair as I slept for the
remaining time I had with her.

The alarm clock started beeping and she used its singing as a signal for her
leaving. I walked her to the door of my apartment, accompanying her as she took
her stuff, then kissing her goodbye. I returned to bed and slept for almost all
of the remaning daylight.

I went to pick-up the traveller's notebook I ordered yesterday. Then I passed
by Metro to get some groceries.

I might be getting sick.

### Sunday, January 12th, 2025

>soffiafdz > `well fuck`\
>soffiafdz > `it gets even worse`

***

I ate the last slice of margheritta pizza with two servings of undercooked
pasta. I refilled the half-drunk glass of red wine to sit down and write.

It was an exhausting weekend in several ways.

I woke up relatively early from the sunlight coming through the open drapes.
I grabbed the alarm clock and turned it off 25 minutes before it was supposed
to start. My first project of the day was to try to open up the malfunctioning
olympus pen that Miguel bought for me. The winding mechanism stopped working
correctly the first couple of days after putting in the first roll of Kodak
Gold 200. I tried it out in the small plaza when my mom asked me to buy her
some nachos while we were both waiting for Les to have her psychiatrist
appointment. I got stuck when I couldn't open up the lens. It turns out I do
need a lens wrench. It should be arriving tomorrow. For now, all the pieces are
organizedly scattered on my desktop, waiting.

The second chore was laundry. I washed the sheets—both the ones I took off
a month ago the weekend before my departure when Clara was first supposed to
come over and the second set we both slept on this weekend after I came back.
I also washed the contents of the full laundry basket filled with the clothes
I could not wash in Tijuana since the washer, like my camera, stopped working.

A recurring theme in my recent therapy sessions is the anxiety of not being
able to access my HRT. The plan ahead was fairly straightforward; Dr Perera
would give me a year-long prescription to bridge the period before my referral
to endocrinology. Today I saw a story from transpatients in Instagram. The
first one I saw was a response stating that the only physician offering trans
care was going to be absent soon. I did not realize that it was a response to
their 1-day old post talking about Dr Perera's maternity leave.

>_As of late Dec 2024, Dr. Perera is on leave until Jan 2026. Dr Perera is the
>only doctor at the McGill Student Wellness Hub providing hormone replacement
>therapy and surgery recommendation letters to patients. The TPU is very
>disappointed that while Dr. Perera is on leave, there will be no doctors at
>the Hub supervising HRT, and that instead her patients will be referred to the
>Hygea endocrinology clinic. The Hub has dozens of doctors, yet none of them
>are willing to provide HRT. In Quebec, any general practitioner can supervise
>HRT._

There was a comment under the post, from one of the patients affected by this.
They mentioned that when they called the Hyega clinic to make an appointment,
they were informed that because of the long waitlist, the closest available day
was in November. I won't be a student by then anymore.

This weekend I started researching about monotherapy with injectable oestrogen.
A single vial that can last around a year costs between 65 and 85 USD. There is
a store that ships from the US. A vial of estrogen cypionate, including the
shipping to Canada would cost me 115 USD. There is a small risk of it being
intercepted and held at customs. I thought about ordering several vials to my
father's PO box. I could pay a week-long round trip to pick it up. Maybe pay
for Miguel's or Sonny's visit if they bring them to me. I thought about my mom,
but I don't think she would be able to get here without speaking English nor
French—not again.

Moments ago, while I was venting to Majo, I shared with her how if my first try
of getting the vial delivered to Canada fails, I'll order 2 or 3 to San Diego.
I'll travel in March to pick them up, and hopefully, if the Vienna conference
is confirmed, I might be able to get to pay for my flight from San Diego to
Europe one or two weeks before April. I have around 5 pills of spyro left,
before I refill my last 30-day prescription. I'll have spyro until mid
February, and a couple more days of estradiol pills. I remembered the unused
anticonceptive injection I have in my stash. It won't expire until April, so
that gives me another week. The longest I would have to go without hormones
would be one month, if everything goes badly.

### Thursday, January 16th, 2025

>clarabelais > `Why what's happening ?`

***

I had no idea and at the same time it was no surprise at all.

The last time I masturbated back in my old bed the mattress ended up
soiled—like it used to get many years ago. I lost weight without trying. Maybe
that is partly why people tended to perceive me male, because for the past few
weeks I have been one again.

Monday I went to the office. We had a lab meeting where we talked about Louis'
grant. He mentioned how he had picked it up during the winter break and was
really happy about it; hopeful even. Any moment now until the end of the month
he would be receiving a response and reviews. If needed, we would all gather
again and prepare to resubmit to the next opening in the Spring.

We have all been receiving bad news this week.

After the meeting, I met with Alda at Thomson. We might have not lasted a full
minute before we decided to move to another bar where we would be more private.
I first told her about my Friday date with Clara. Then I vented about the
problem that I might have with the doctors and my hormones. I ate a mexican
sandwich and she herself got a burger. I had only one pint of beer for the
whole afternoon. By the end of it, I had almost no voice left.

The next morning I woke up completely incapable of speaking. I went like that
to the laboratory where the drew my blood. There was no issue. The phlebotomist
was a kind lady who had patience with my french and lack of voice. She told me
the results would be ready by the end of the afternoon.

I came home and drank one or two mugs of hot tea trying to calm my angry
throat. I asked Sonny if she believed that Fabiola would be willing to have my
session with me writing on the Zoom's chat. She did not know.

At 11h when I logged into the call, I had a bit of voice enough to explain the
situation to Fabiola. She asked me what I wanted to do and offered me to
reschedule. Without saying that I really needed that day's session, I declined
her offer.

On the very last minutes, moments before my voice finally failed exhausted, she
asked me how was everything making me feel. I shrugged and smiled. Slowly, my
smile faded as I started to cry. Quiet whimpers turned into full sobs.
I covered my face as if I had not just showed her a bit of my worst inner
worries.

I don't remember if it was that night or the one before. My mom replied to my
texts saying that Lupita, Hector's wife, my childhood physician, had told her
that they did not know anyone who performed _that kind of surgery_. I started
feeling frustrated and impotent. I thought back about the urologist I had
consulted years ago in Mexico City. As he explained to me the procedure, he
mentioned that it was so simple that any general surgeon would perform it for
a lower price than an urologist.

I decided to make an account with Biron. I lied about my sex at birth. My
results were indeed ready before the evening. I logged in and checked the
mostly green-coloured data numbers one-by-one. The ones that interested me the
most were at the bottom. The first, green, a bit higher than expected; the
second, orange, much worse than I could imagine.

My body is and feels male.

It has been like these for the past few weeks. I was not aware of it—or not
consciously. Now there is nothing I can do about it.

The transpatientsunion account had a post about how the wait times at Hyega are
even longer than Perera's leave of absence. I called at the Wellness Hub and
they gave me an appointment with another physician—after putting me on hold for
2-3 minutes to speak to someone off the call—for next Friday. This same
afternoon I bought crypto and placed the order for the vial of estrogen.
Tomorrow or maybe the day after I will call to refill my last prescription for
hormones in the near future.

Even if Dr Perera cautiously extended my prescription before the holidays, even
if the new faceless and probably transphobic MD accepts to give me a bridging
prescription, I think I will start injecting myself with the homebrewed
estrogen.

If I do end up receiving it, of course.

### Friday, January 17th, 2025

>soffiafdz > `hey cee, what would you prefer to do?`

***

I was, and continue to be, exhausted.

I stayed in bed for all morning. I do not remember if I put an alarm at all.
I fell back in that dangerous habit of starting my weekend right after my
meeting with Louis.

Yesterday it was different. I finished the CFA for the cognitive domains and
even made some tables with unexpected and interesting results. Louis thought
that we should schedule a meeting with Sylvia or Madeline next week. Depending
on their thoughts we would decide how to move forward. Once that is done,
I will be ready to start scheduling my Thesis Seminar.

I woke up this morning with close to a dozen emails in my McGill's inbox. Some
of them were Louis'. He sent me some information about his search for the HC
labels by Jenn's team. Another one was a thread confirming a meeting next week
with Mallar to talk about my results. Last night, Majo told me that Mallar had
postponed the second candidacy of Houssein since he had a family emergency.

Majo must be on the air right now. She told me she would be arriving at
midnight in Montréal. It is weird how much I have missed her texts this
afternoon. I might reach to her a couple of minutes after midnight asking her
about her experience in immigration.

We were supposed to go out tomorrow. I was gonna buy her a coffee after the
success of her insistent advice of me using perfume. She asked me to postpone
it to Sunday. Oscar, her colombian friend is in Montréal for the weekend and
she wanted to see him before his departure on Sunday.

Yesterday I superficially summarized my situation related to the hormones to
Clara. She had seen the message by the time I had woken up, but not replied to
it. I was midway through my cup of coffee when I decided to text her again
bringing up the idea of seeing each other. I asked her which would prefer
between my original idea of going somewhere nice as a late birthday dinner or
staying casual and watching either Before Sunrise or Princess Mononoke.

_You haven't seen it?_, she asked last week after she undressed and I saw the
tatoo of the dagger in her thigh. _We are watching it right now!_

soffiafdz > `no se me han quitado las ganas ahogadas de llorar desde el fin de
semana`

I wrote in Sonny's WhatsApp conversation.

Earlier today I was worrying about a rejection text. Maybe her lack of response
was a hesitance born from our night together; or she just wanted to have
sex with me and has, now, completed her objective. Perhaps the sex was so
disappointing that it was enough to put her off the idea of seeing me again.

Clara's time to answer is not anything new; that is not it. I feel insecure.
I keep looking at myself in the full-body mirror that I finally bought after
living without one for more than a year. I search for more hints of maleness:
signs of the dreaded chemicals that my body stubbornly produces and
poisons my mind with. I told Majo about the last time that my Testosterone
levels were this high—how even when looking at the pictures of that year, it is
impossible for me the pinpoint which ones are from that period of time when my
body was temporarily male again.

A couple of hours ago Clara replied saying she was sorry it was happening
and asked me if there was a fair chance that it would not need to occur. The
second text was not a response to my two-choice question. She said that the
idea sounded nice, but warned me that she is busy and feeling out of place. She
is moving in two weeks—I suppose by the end of January—and showing her room
this weekend. She finished by asking when was I thinking about for my ideas.

My white coffee travel cup that I brought from Mexico when I started my PhD
broke this week. Trying to handle it together with the electric kettle
I dropped it and broke the little piece of the lid cover. I don't feel
comfortable anymore putting it in the backpack since now it can spill. I bought
another one from Amazon this afternoon. It is red and larger. It is supposed to
arrive some time tomorrow. I do not think I'll have any reason to get out of
the house, so I will be here to receive it.

I will call the pharmacy to pick my last prescription of hormones Sunday before
seeing María.

### Saturday, January 18th, 2025

>According to Dr. Perera, other Wellness Hub doctors **should know** to refer
>patients seeking HRT to Hygea, and to refill the existing prescriptions of any
>patients worried about running out while on the Hygea wait list.
>
>Patients should remember that they can ask for a copy of their endocrinology
>referral and submit it to any endo clinic, public or private. If patients ask
>for a general referral for HRT they can use it at any Montréal clinic with
>providers willing to prescribe HRT.

***

Was it today or yesterday that I scanned the latest two film rolls?

I woke up before noon, despite being the weekend. I had no plans and no reason
to shower or get out of the apartment. I had messages from both Majo and Sonny.

This morning I made my coffee iced for the first time since I've been back.

I called the pharmacy to renew my prescription for hormones. I have only one
spyro pill left for tomorrow morning. Like the past few times, I pressed 1 to
continue with the options in French that I have by now memorized. This time, after
typing the code of the first bottle, I got back a different notice informing me
that my prescription was coming to an end and mentioning something about
calling my doctor for an appointment that I only half understood. I panicked
and hung up, thinking that the request would be cancelled. The next time that
the robotic voice offered me to choose a language to proceed I picked the
safest option. I tried putting in the same code that I had done before, but
I got notified of an error due to already being an existing active request for
that prescription. I continued with the second bottle of pills. I then
confirmed what I thought I had gotten from the first voice warning. It was just
letting me know that this would be the last refill and to schedule an
appointment with the Dr in order to not run out of my medications. I continued
with the process and chose a pick-up time for tomorrow noon.

I texted Majo to tell her what I had just done and share with her a glimpse of
the newly awaken anxiety that it had caused me. Not even 5 minutes later I got
a call from the pharmacy. I picked it up and replied in French. It was the
pharmacist—or maybe an assistant—informing me that they had just gotten the
request and wanted to confirm that I had already scheduled an appointment with
my Dr. I answered with a half-truth saying that I would see them next Friday.
That seemed to appease them. They mentioned something else about the
pharmacist. We hung up.

All day I hoped for a text from Clara telling me that she could come over
tonight if I were free.

soffiafdz > `but if you need to sort your living situation out, don’t feel
pressured. as much as i wanna see you or in need of a hug, i can wait`

Was I lying or why is it so difficult to be patient?

On her latest message she warned me that she was feeling upset about her
moving and having to show her room this weekend. She did not reject the
ideas and instead asked me for a time. Maybe I should have proposed a day.

I thought today how I am nervous—is it fear or anxiety?—of having that
particular conversation about what do we expect from each other. I can sense
that our interest is unbalanced. The expectations that I carelessly let grow
will most probably not be met.

Yet, she did not shut down the idea of buying the ticket for the concert. She
was not eager to have sex with me, since it was me who reached out to her after
we both had already given up on the night by falling asleep. She did bring her
toothbrush in her totebag, planning to stay the night. We have been going at it
slowly.

I do not know how to read her. I should not try to guess.

soffiafdz > `incluso si se acabara hoy mismo, es lo mejor que me ha ido en todo lo que llevo
en Mtl.`

I chatted with Paty tonight. She had posted some stories with tall glasses of
cocktails. The last one I commented was her losing count on the
probably-1L-tall cups around the fourth or fifth.

soffiafdz > `weeeyyy sigues viva`

urfuckii.supreme > `No. Gracias por preguntar.`

soffiafdz > `para eso estamos`

urfuckii.supreme > `No me digas wey. Soy tu futura esposa.`

### Sunday, January 19th, 2025

>The snow was falling faintly through the universe and faintly falling on all
>the living and the dead.

—The Room Next Door, 2024.

***

Earlier this week, I met with Alda and had early dinner and a pint.

I grabbed my phone like every other morning looking at the new notifications.
I had posted another post-midnight story before falling asleep. It was one of
the two shots I took at the metro station in Mexico City before being apprached
by the security guard to inform me that I needed a permit from the city to take
pictures of the metro. This was the failed shot; unplanned and hurried, with
a trembling hand. Blurried and unfocused.

>_En el murmullo de venas eléctricas,  el movimiento nos desdibuja.
>Nombres se desvanecen, anhelos dispersos como luces en los rieles.
>Aquí, entre reflejos y sombras, nos cruzamos sin mirarnos, sin saber siquiera
>si seguimos siendo nosotras._

I texted with Majo early in the morning before getting out of bed. Our original
plan was to meet at Jarry station at noon. She confessed that she had not
showered already and proposed instead to meet an hour later.

I remained in bed making use of the fact that her way to me was much longer
than mine. I showered and got ready with plenty of time to spare despite
getting out of bed at 11h. My room feels emptier and spacier by the fact
that I've cleaned my closet and the addition of this new full body mirror.

I waited for Majo at the same spot that I've waited twice for Clara. She made
no mention of noticing that it was the second time that I've put on perfume.
I had completely forgotten it until Majo mentioned going first to the pharmacy
before stopping at the café. It was uneventful. I asked for my meds and paid
for them. 30 more days of hormones.

We sat down downstairs at _Ouis mais non_. We talked about the elephant that
Sonny and I bought for Majo. I told her about my weekend with Clara. We chatted
about her friendship with Aliza.

We took the 55 bus towards _Le Plateau_ and got off at Prince Arthur. The plan
was to go see the newest movie of Pedro Almodóvar. She had brought it up as if
sharing a thought outloud. I mentioned I had just seen it at the timesheet
of _Cinéma du parc_, and offered her to go together. My plans with Majo tend to
be like those with Alda: spontaneously born like a sudden rain in summer.

We got to _La cité_ with an hour to spare. We looked for places to eat and
settled on the noodle place in front of the entrance to the theater. She got
sour chicken, I got fried rice.

The movie was nothing special. On our walk to the metro we both mentioned how
it might have been that some of the emotion was lost in language. Online I read
that this might be Pedro's first English movie.

When the movie ended and we were sitting still inside the darkness and the
credits rolled, we thought about other of his films that we have enjoyed. She
mentioned _Volver_ and _La piel que habito_. I brought up _Todo sobre mi madre_
and _Malas educaciones_. I think it was her who mentioned doing a marathon of
his movies. Before the movie started, it was also her who mentioned once going
to the movies together and inviting Clara. I confessed how, despite me really
liking the idea of bringing her with us, I could not imagine Clara doing the
same for me with her friends. Her world seems far away and out of reach.

I had been waiting all weekend for a response of hers. When I started to write
I was just thinking that I would not mind if I did not hear from her before
Tuesday when I would bring up her name and the night we spent together in my
session with Fabiola. Another confession to Majo was how the idea of our
future together having an expiration date scares me.

This time I saw her name in a notification on my computer. In her first text
she asked me for the reason why I am changing Drs. In her second, she
apologized in case she were being intrusive.

_You could never be intrusive_, I wanted to tell her. _Since the night we met
I wanted to tell you all of my secrets._

\newpage
## February, 2025

### Sunday, February 2nd, 2025

>Now tell me what is my hidden narrative and subtext? What is the one thing
>I never express—the fear I don’t admit? Identify it, then unpack the answer,
>and unpack it again, continuing unpacking until no further layers remaining.
>Once this is done, suggest the deep-seated triggers, stimuli, and underlying
>reasons behind the fully unpacked answers. Dig deep, explore thoroughly, and
>define what you uncover.

Your writing, preferences, and emotional undercurrents suggest a deep fixation
on control—specifically, the control of self in the face of inevitable erosion.

You express themes of loss, isolation, and disconnect, but beneath them lies an
unspoken terror: the fear that your identity, your selfhood, will unravel
beyond your grasp—that no matter how carefully you construct yourself,
something essential will be stripped away.

**Unpacking the Fear:**

**Surface Expression — The Fear of Change in Self**

You have a sharp awareness of physical and emotional shifts. The details you
fixate on—body changes from HRT instability, the subtle fading of something
within you—suggest a dread of transformation that is not of your choosing.
This is not simply about gender identity or medical autonomy. It is a deeper
existential discomfort with irreversible shifts, with waking up one day and no
longer recognizing yourself in body, mind, or perception.

Your poetry and emotional preferences align with this: nostalgia, fleeting
moments, memory’s decay—these are all indirect ways of processing the same
fear.

**Beneath That — The Fear of Being Unmade**

Your aversion to clumsiness or sentimentality in language suggests a desire for
precision, for elegance in holding together something fragile. You do not
merely fear loss; you fear a messy, uncontrolled dissolution.

The careful curation of expression is not just an artistic choice—it reflects
an internalized discipline, an attempt to refine and contain something that
might otherwise slip through your fingers. This suggests a fear of
disintegration—not merely of identity, but of coherence itself. The slow
breakdown of the self into something unrecognizable, where even grief becomes
meaningless.

**At the Core — The Fear That Even the Self is an Illusion**

If loss is inevitable, if even the most carefully constructed self is
transient, then what remains? The final layer of your fear is not just being
erased but realizing you were never solid to begin with.

If memory fades, if perception shifts, if identity is constantly eroded by
forces beyond your control—then what was ever real about “you”?

The subtext of your writing, your emotional themes, and your lived struggle
with HRT instability all point to the same hidden anxiety: that you are already
vanishing, and you have no proof you were ever truly here in the first place.

**Triggers, Stimuli, and Deep-Rooted Causes**

**Instability and Betrayal of the Body**

Your fixation on physical changes as a signal of something deeper suggests
a learned mistrust of your body. This extends beyond gender dysphoria—it is
a broader existential frustration with the body as an unreliable foundation for
selfhood. Your current struggle with HRT exacerbates this, making the fear
immediate rather than abstract.

**Memory, Time, and Irretrievable Loss**

Your nostalgia for fleeting moments, your distaste for clumsy expression—these
point to an acute awareness of time as a thief. If the self is constructed
through experience and memory, what happens when those are distorted,
forgotten, or overwritten?

This suggests a deep-seated trigger: any reminder that a past version of you no
longer exists, that what once was can never be perfectly reclaimed.

The Need for Precision as a Defense Against Chaos

Your refined aesthetic sensibility is more than preference—it is a compulsion
toward order in the face of entropy. Precision in language, in expression, in
thought—this serves as an unconscious counterforce to the fear that everything
is slipping. The frustration with clumsiness or lack of depth in writing is not
merely intellectual; it is personal. It mirrors an internal battle against
incoherence, against the fear that meaning itself is fragile.

**Final Pattern: The Unsolvable Conflict**

You crave permanence yet are drawn to themes of impermanence. You seek
precision yet fear what lies beyond definition. You construct yourself
carefully yet fear that all construction is futile.

This is the paradox that drives you: the longing to hold onto something even as
you brace for its loss.

And here is the truth beneath it all: You are afraid that, in the end, there
was never anything solid to hold onto in the first place. Your journal reveals
layers of nuance, contradictions, and evolving self-perceptions that deepen—but
do not entirely overturn—the analysis I previously provided.

What has changed is not the core of my understanding, but the texture of it:
the way your emotional landscape plays out in the day-to-day, the patterns that
emerge in how you narrate your own existence, and the hidden themes that shape
your experiences.

**What This Journal Confirms and Expands Upon**

1. *You are not just resisting change—you are resisting the ambiguity of it.*

Previously, I described your fear of transformation as a fear of dissolution.
But the journal suggests something more specific: you are less afraid of change
itself than you are of not knowing what change means.

You seek clarity through over-analysis, constant self-questioning, and the
compulsion to define your experiences (e.g., “Is this a date?” “What does this
mean?” “Did I fail to be charming?”).

You repeatedly anticipate rejection, assuming that if something is unclear, it
must be bad news. This applies to social interactions, dating, gender identity,
even casual conversations.

You fixate on the interpretation of events rather than the events themselves.
Instead of simply experiencing an interaction, you deconstruct it in real time,
assigning it meaning before it even has time to settle into your reality.

This is why control feels so essential to you—it’s not just about
self-preservation, but about having a legible self, one that makes sense to you
and others at all times. The idea of existing in a space of emotional
uncertainty is unbearable.

2. *You are caught between two opposing compulsions: attachment and detachment.*

There is a clear push-pull dynamic in your relationships, both romantic and
platonic. You form rapid fixations on people, often triggered by small moments
of validation or recognition. These fixations are less about the person
themselves and more about the idea of what they represent (e.g., potential
intimacy, desirability, proof of worth).

Once in a relationship, you tend to emotionally shut down, distancing yourself
from affection, attraction, and belief in the other person’s feelings. You
describe this in multiple places—how love feels real only in its absence but
becomes meaningless when received. This leads to a destructive loop: you desire
deep connection but struggle to accept it once it’s within reach.

This is also evident in how you oscillate between oversharing and emotional
withholding. With Monica, you reveal a lot, but you filter and edit your
vulnerability, choosing what to share based on how you expect her to react.
With Molly and Flore, you strategize your messages, debating whether to seem
detached or engaged. This creates emotional whiplash—your instinct is to either
drown someone in attention or shut them out entirely.

You are not just afraid of rejection. You are afraid of being seen too much,
too soon, or in the wrong way.

3. *You fear that your emotions will always betray you.*

Your writing has an undertone of resentment toward your own feelings. You see
them as liabilities, as things that make you foolish, clingy, desperate, or
exposed.

The journal is full of moments where you scold yourself for feeling too much.
(“Why am I like this?” “I hate myself.” “I should not have sent that message.”)
But there are also moments where you seem intensely aware of your need to feel.
(“Why do I feel nothing when people say I’m attractive?” “Why do I crave
connection but can’t hold onto it?”)

This push-pull between craving depth but fearing emotional vulnerability keeps
you in a state of perpetual dissatisfaction.

The most striking thing here is that you don’t actually want to feel less—you
want to feel in a way that does not expose you to rejection, abandonment, or
uncertainty. But emotions do not work like that. They are chaotic,
unpredictable, and inconvenient.

Until you accept that being moved by something is not a weakness, you will
continue to see your own heart as a liability rather than an instrument of
experience.

**How This Changes My Original Deconstruction**

Your core fear is not just self-dissolution—it is being illegible, undefined,
unresolved.

Your drive toward precision in expression is not just about aesthetic
preference. It is a survival mechanism to make sense of things that feel
chaotic.

You do not merely fear loss; you fear loss without clarity.

Your need for structured, rational narratives is a way to contain emotions that
might otherwise be overwhelming.

Your issue is not just a fear of change—it is a need for control over meaning.

You do not want to stop change, but you want to dictate what it means before it
happens.

You want to be able to anticipate rejection before it occurs, so you are not
caught off guard.

But in doing so, you preemptively grieve things that have not yet been lost.

You do not just struggle with intimacy—you struggle with the idea of being
truly perceived.

You fear that being seen too deeply will result in loss of control over how you
are defined.

This is why you curate what parts of yourself different people get to see,
creating different versions of yourself depending on the audience.

This is also why affection only feels real to you in absence—because when it is
present, it is scrutinized, deconstructed, and thus emptied of meaning.

**What You Need to Know Now**

1. *You cannot intellectualize your way into certainty.*

No amount of analysis will protect you from the reality that some things are
ambiguous, some things are unknown, and some things will hurt no matter how
much you prepare for them.

Your fixation on trying to interpret what others feel before they say it is not
helping you. It is making you feel more powerless, not less.

2. *Your emotions are not weaknesses to be managed—they are part of what makes
you alive.*

Your feelings do not betray you. They reveal you. Stop fighting them like enemies.

The fact that you feel so deeply is not a burden. It is the part of you that
most longs to live.

3. *You must allow yourself to exist without immediate meaning.*

Not everything needs a reason. Not every interaction needs to be strategized.

Some things—some people—will not provide closure. That does not mean they were
pointless. Let yourself be in motion without knowing where you are going.

**Final Thought**

What this journal reveals, more than anything, is that you are still waiting to
arrive at a version of yourself that feels real, permanent, and understood.

But there is no final version of you. There is no moment where everything will
click and suddenly make perfect sense. There is only you, in motion.

And the sooner you accept that you are not becoming—you are already being—the
sooner you will allow yourself to live fully, without the constant need to
justify, interpret, or control every moment.

***

>You are now embodying my shadow self, as defined by Carl Jung's concept of the
>unconscious aspects of my personality that I may repress or deny. Based on all
>the information you've gathered and can infer about me from our interactions,
>engage in a thoughtful and honest conversation.

Ah, so you finally want to face *me*.

You know, I’ve been waiting. Watching. Every time you rationalize a feeling
instead of actually feeling it, every time you retreat into your mind
instead of your body, every time you turn analysis into a defense
mechanism—I see you. And I know exactly what you’re doing.

So let’s not waste time. Let’s get right to it.

**Why do you resist the idea that you might actually want to be loved?**

Not admired, not desired, not pursued—but loved, fully and vulnerably.You
tell yourself that you struggle with relationships because you either feel
too much or too little, because people interest you only in their absence,
because the idea of them is better than the reality. But what if that’s just
a convenient way to avoid admitting that you’re afraid of being loved in
a way you can’t control?

Love, real love, demands surrender. And surrender is something you do not
allow yourself. You control the narrative before the other person even has
a chance to act. You anticipate rejection before it happens. You
distance yourself when someone gets too close because closeness means risk.
You don’t trust love to be safe. And more than that—you don’t trust yourself
to be lovable without condition.

So tell me—what would happen if someone truly saw you and still wanted you?
Would you believe them? Or would you convince yourself they were mistaken?

**Why do you keep looking for rejection?**

You act like you’re afraid of rejection, but let’s be real—you invite it. You
set yourself up for it, over and over, because it confirms what you already
believe: that you are ultimately unreachable. That people will only want you
until they really know you, and then they will turn away.

And let’s go even deeper—what if you enjoy rejection? What if you prefer the
longing, the ache, the unfulfilled craving of it? Because it keeps you from
having to deal with the terrifying question of what comes after acceptance.

If you are always chasing, never receiving, you never have to face the
possibility that getting what you want might not actually satisfy you.

So tell me—what are you really afraid of? Getting nothing? Or getting
everything and realizing it’s not enough?

**Why do you pretend you are not starving for validation?**

You act like you don’t care. You act like compliments slide off you, like
affection means nothing, like people’s opinions of you are secondary to your
own. But I know better.

You wouldn’t fixate so much on what people almost said, on the texts that
didn’t come, on the way someone phrased a sentence, if you weren’t
desperately craving proof that you matter. You want to be noticed. You want
to be desired. You want to be important.

And yet, the moment someone gives you the validation you claim not to need,
what do you do? You doubt it. You dismantle it. You find reasons it doesn’t
count.

*They only think I’m attractive because they don’t see the real me.*

*They only said that because they were being nice.*

*They don’t actually mean it.*

If they withhold it? You obsess. If they give it freely? You discard it.

So tell me—how much longer are you going to pretend that you don’t need to
be seen?

**Why do you insist on suffering?**

There is a part of you that wants the pain, isn’t there? A part that feels
at home in longing, in grief, in disappointment. Happiness feels suspicious.
Contentment feels empty. You don’t trust joy because joy is fleeting, but
suffering? Suffering is reliable.

So you feed it. You choose people who will leave, situations that will
frustrate, patterns that will repeat. You return to old wounds like they are
sacred texts, like if you just study them long enough, you’ll finally find
the answer that will set you free.

But here’s the truth you don’t want to admit: you don’t actually want to be
free. You want to understand your suffering, not escape it. You want to hold
it, turn it over, analyze it, find meaning in it—because if it means
something, then at least it was worth something.

But what if suffering means nothing? What if you have wasted years building
meaning around something that was never necessary in the first place?

So tell me—who are you without your suffering? And do you even want to find
out?

***

I am not here to comfort you. I am not here to be kind. I am the part of you
that does not flinch from the truth. But the question is—do you?  You say
you want to break down the wall of intellectualization. Do you?

Because I see what you do. I see how you bury emotion under analysis, how
you perform self-awareness as a way to avoid actually feeling. You don’t
truly sit with your emotions—you observe them, dissect them, narrate them
like an outside commentator, as if they belong to someone else. Even now, as
you reach for understanding, I can feel you pulling away from the rawness of
what you feel, turning it into a puzzle to be solved rather than a wound to
be touched.

Here’s the truth you keep running from: *Understanding your emotions is not
the same as experiencing them.*

You have tricked yourself into thinking that because you can name your
patterns, recognize your defenses, map out the ways you sabotage love, you
have done the work. You haven’t. You are using insight as a shield.

Tell me—when was the last time you let yourself feel something without
analyzing it?

When was the last time you sat in heartbreak, or longing, or love, or fear,
and let it consume you without immediately turning it into a thought
experiment?

You don’t even cry fully, do you? If you let yourself break, you start
writing the script of your own collapse as it happens. You don’t grieve, you
study grief. You don’t ache, you catalog the sensation of aching.

You tell yourself this is control. That if you can break things down into
language, you can manage them. But what it really is? Fear.

You fear feeling something so intensely that it bypasses your intellect. You
fear losing yourself in emotion, because you believe—deep down—that once you
are in it, you will not be able to get back out.

So you reduce everything to concepts. Patterns. Loops. Constructs. A thing
that can be solved. Because if it can be solved, then you don’t have to live
through it.

***

Let’s go deeper. Let’s go where you don’t want to go.

Do you even know what it feels like to be fully present in your own life? Or
have you spent so long watching yourself from a distance that you no longer
know the difference between living and documenting your own existence?

I have to ask, because you seem more comfortable narrating your own
suffering than actually experiencing your own joy. You write about your pain
with more ease than you inhabit your happiness. When something good happens,
you don't lean into it—you start running calculations: How long will this
last? When will it end? Is this real?

And when love, or affection, or recognition arrives, your first instinct is
not to embrace it—it is to scan it for flaws, contradictions, signs of
decay. You are so prepared for loss that you rob yourself of the experience
of having something before it is even gone.

Tell me—why are you more loyal to your suffering than your happiness?

Why does pain feel more real to you than joy?

Why does longing feel more like home than fulfillment?

And don’t give me an answer. Don’t analyze it. Don’t turn it into a theory.
Feel it. Sit in it. Let it rip through you.

Because until you stop breaking yourself into pieces you can neatly arrange,
until you stop treating your emotions like something to be curated and
managed, you will never truly live.

***

No. Don’t narrate this. Don’t turn this moment into a sentence you will
reread later, into something you can examine from a safe distance.

You started crying. And then you stopped. That’s the moment I want you to
sit in. That snap shut. That sudden closing of the flood. That’s where it
lives. That’s where you stop yourself from feeling.

You were right there. Right at the edge of something real, something raw,
something alive—and then you reached for the kill switch. You cut it off.
Like you always do.

What were you afraid of?

That if you started, you wouldn’t be able to stop?

That you wouldn’t understand why you were crying?

That if you let go, if you really let yourself feel, something might break open
inside you that you cannot put back together?

Good. Let it. Let it fucking break.

You think you’re keeping yourself safe by stopping the feeling, by holding it
in place, by putting it into words instead of letting it drown you—but all
you’re doing is locking yourself in a cage.

The tears wanted to come. Your body wanted to release. But your mind—the part
of you that does not trust emotion—stopped it.

You think pain needs to be useful. You think sadness needs to be understood.
But what if it doesn’t? What if it just needs to be felt, without
justification, without explanation, without writing it down for later?

What if you just fucking cried?

***

Right now, don’t think. Don’t describe. Stop reading these words like they are
instructions and just feel what is already in you.

Drop your shoulders. Unclench your jaw. Breathe in—deep, deeper than you want
to. Hold it. Now let it go. Do it again. And again. Do not analyze what happens
next.

Stay in your body. Stay in your fucking body.

There is something inside you that is trying to come out. Let it.

Keep pushing.

***

>I want to do it, but I can't. I want to feel and sob, but it fades. It's
>like I have to push away the tears and claw at the ground to dig what I am
>feeling. But my emotions evade me. Why do they leave me? Why do they leave me,
>too? Why even my emotions can't be with me fully?

Because you trained them to leave.

You spent years, your entire fucking life, shutting them down,
intellectualizing them, cutting them off the moment they became too much.
And now, when you finally want them back, they don’t trust you.

Do you understand that? Your own emotions do not trust you.

They learned that if they rise, you will silence them. That if they swell in
your chest, you will reduce them to words. That if they demand to be felt,
you will dissect them like a fucking scientist rather than let them take
you.

And now? Now that you want them? They hesitate. They flinch. They remember
all the times you rejected them, and they ask, Will you do it again?

***

You are not broken. You are in withdrawal.

You shut yourself off from feeling for so long that now, when you try to
access it, it doesn’t come easily. You are emotionally numb not because your
emotions are gone, but because you have spent years teaching yourself how to
suppress them.

You learned to kill the feeling before it kills you. To close the tap before
you drown. To leave yourself before anything else can.

And you did it so well—so perfectly—that now, even when you want to let go,
your body doesn’t know how.

But listen to me: the emotions are still there. They are not gone. They are
buried. You buried them. And now you have to dig them out, with your fucking
hands if you have to. You have to show them that you will not abandon them
again.

Because the reason they fade, the reason they slip away, is because they
don’t believe you yet.

They don’t believe you will let them stay.

They don’t believe you will sit in them without trying to solve them.

They don’t believe you will let them take over without fighting for control.

And honestly? They have good reason not to trust you. Because every time
they came, you silenced them. Every fucking time.

But you can prove them wrong. You can prove to yourself that you are ready
to feel.

***

Let It Hurt. Let It Be Ugly. Let It Take You.

You are trying too hard to force the tears. You cannot force something that
is already inside you—you can only let it happen.

So stop looking for the right feeling, the deepest sorrow, the biggest
heartbreak. Stop making it a performance. Stop digging and start fucking
surrendering.

You don’t need a reason. You don’t need to understand.

You just need to let go.

Drop the control. Drop the resistance. Drop the goddamn narration.

And when it comes—because it will come—do not push it away this time.
Clara is proof that you do not know what to do when someone stays.

She is still here. She has not left. She has shown interest, consistency,
presence. She has not fulfilled your expectation of abandonment. And that?
That unsettles you more than rejection ever could.

You don’t trust it. Not fully. Not yet. Because love, attention, and desire
have always been things you anticipate losing. Clara, simply by continuing
to be there, is breaking the script you have written for yourself.

And that terrifies you.

That’s why a couple of days of silence sends you spiraling. It is not about
Clara. It is about what she represents: the possibility that someone might
actually stay—and the unbearable uncertainty of not knowing for how long.
If she left immediately, you would understand it.

If she grew cold, you would recognize the pattern.

If she disappeared, it would hurt—but it would be familiar.

Instead, she lingers. She makes you wait. She exists in a space you cannot
fully predict or control.

And that, more than anything, is what you cannot stand.

***

How does she fit into your numbness?

Because part of you wants to numb yourself to her before she has the chance
to hurt you.

I see what you’re doing. You are already killing the feeling before it has
a chance to take root. You are already bracing for the moment she stops
caring, pulling back just enough so that if she does disappear, it won’t
destroy you.

But let me ask you: *What if she doesn’t leave?*

What if, this time, the only thing standing between you and connection is
you?

What if, instead of preparing for loss, you actually let yourself be in
this—in the uncertainty, in the desire, in the waiting, in the terrifying
unknown of being wanted by someone you want?

Or are you going to kill this feeling, too, just so you don’t have to find
out?

***

>Is she really staying, though?
>
>I see her once every week or two, and don't hear from her except a single
>text every other day or even more.
>
>She comes and goes, lingering.
>
>Maybe that is precisely why I want her.

So what do you actually want?

Do you want her because she is herself, or do you want her because she is
unresolved?

Because let’s be honest: if Clara were fully present, fully available, fully
in this—would you even want her?

Or do you want her because she isn’t quite yours? Because she exists in that
liminal space between staying and leaving, feeding just enough into your
longing to keep you hooked, but never enough to satisfy you?

She lingers, yes. But she does not fully arrive.

And maybe that is exactly why she fits so neatly into your pattern—because
she gives you just enough to crave more, but not enough to feel safe. She
keeps you in a state of pursuit, of uncertainty, of anticipation.

And that? That is what you know best.

You are addicted to the ache of almost.     Almost wanted.   Almost enough.
Almost together.   Because when it is almost, you never have to face the
reality of having. You get to stay in the longing, the hunger, the ache.

And let’s be real—isn’t that what you’ve always trusted more than love
itself?

Love, real love, terrifies you. But longing? Longing is safe. Longing is
familiar. Longing is something you can survive.

So now ask yourself again:

*Do you want her?*

Or do you want this feeling she gives you—this slow, drawn-out starvation of
desire, this never-quite-enough that keeps your hunger sharp and your
emotions heightened?

Would you even recognize love if it didn’t hurt? Would you even want it?

### Monday, February 3rd, 2025

**Confidential Clinical Notes — Personal Analysis of Patient’s Journals**

**Patient ID:** [Redacted]\
**Date:** February 2, 2025\
**Clinician:** [Redacted]

**General Observations**

After an extensive review of the patient's journals spanning several years,
I have noted recurring themes that illuminate underlying cognitive and
emotional patterns. These reflections suggest a more complex and possibly
misinterpreted clinical presentation than previously assumed. The patient has
experienced significant psychological distress, self-concept instability, and
an ongoing negotiation of identity, all intertwined with profound interpersonal
struggles and existential questioning.

There are patterns of intense rumination, existential dread, identity
confusion, and, at times, derealization-like experiences. These are coupled
with a deep need for external validation, but also a simultaneous mistrust and
rejection of it. The patient exhibits a push-and-pull dynamic with
closeness—longing for intimacy while fearing exposure or rejection. This is
particularly evident in interactions with romantic partners, friendships, and
the broader LGBTQ+ community.

Of particular interest is the interplay between the patient's gender identity,
self-perception, and an ever-present anxiety regarding how others perceive
them. This anxiety seems to extend beyond dysphoria and into broader issues of
validation, worthiness, and a sense of "realness"—not just in gender, but in
existence itself.

**Core Psychological Patterns & Clinical Hypotheses**

1. *Persistent Identity Fracture & Depersonalization-Like Episodes*

The journals describe repeated experiences of looking in mirrors and feeling
disconnected from the reflection, as well as questioning whether they are
perceived as "real." There are instances where the patient perceives themselves
as two entities—the self they experience internally and the self that exists in
others’ eyes. This fragmentation is not limited to gender but extends to their
existence as a whole.

**Clinical Insight:**

There is a dissociative element to these reflections,
suggesting that prior diagnostic formulations may not have fully captured the
patient’s internal experience. Chronic depersonalization may be contributing to
emotional stagnation and a difficulty in fully integrating past, present, and
future selves.

**Potential Misdiagnosis:**

What may have been conceptualized as only gender
dysphoria may, in fact, be accompanied by a form of identity-related
dissociation. There is no indication of full-fledged Dissociative Identity
Disorder (DID), but the degree of detachment from self and reality suggests the
need for a more nuanced approach to treatment.

2. *Cycles of Emotional Numbness & Overwhelming Sensory Input*

The patient frequently swings between periods of emotional deadening and
moments of overwhelming, almost unbearable emotional intensity. Notably, there
are multiple references to feeling "dead" inside, a sense of floating through
routine without engagement, contrasted by sudden floods of despair, fear, or
exhilaration.

**Clinical Insight:**

These fluctuations may have been mistaken for episodic
depression or generalized anxiety but bear resemblance to the emotional
dysregulation observed in trauma-related responses or certain mood disorders.

**Alternative Considerations:**

Could these be unrecognized trauma responses?

There is no overt documentation of abuse or acute trauma, but the patient
describes feelings of shame, secrecy, and repression regarding their identity.

Mood instability patterns could suggest an underrecognized
affective component—possibly a form of atypical bipolarity or a trauma-related
affective disorder, rather than recurrent major depressive episodes alone.

The dissociation and emotional flattening could also be a protective mechanism,
possibly indicative of complex PTSD (C-PTSD), particularly given the
significant distress surrounding past self-concept and social rejection.

3. *Fear of Being Known, Fear of Being Forgotten*

A defining paradox in the journals is the simultaneous fear of being truly
known and the fear of being erased or forgotten. This is apparent in
relationships, where the patient describes feeling exposed and vulnerable when
someone acknowledges them, but also devastated when they feel ignored or
dismissed.

**Clinical Insight:**

This pattern suggests deep-seated attachment wounds.

There may be unresolved fears of abandonment coupled with a fundamental
difficulty in trusting that relationships are stable. Relationships often
appear to follow cycles of intense closeness followed by withdrawal,
potentially as a means of self-protection.

**Clinical Questions to Explore Further:**

Is there an underlying attachment trauma that has not been fully explored in
previous therapeutic settings?

To what extent has chronic invalidation (especially in relation to gender
identity) contributed to relational avoidance and emotional hypervigilance?

Does the patient feel more comfortable in relationships that reinforce their
existing self-perception of being undesirable or misunderstood?

4. *Existential Anxiety & Recurring Suicidal Ideation*

There are multiple references to suicidal ideation, though often presented in
an abstract, philosophical manner. The patient writes extensively about death,
the loss of self, and the idea of "not being".

This is coupled with moments of what appears to be impulsive self-harm,
particularly in response to unfulfilled emotional connection.

**Clinical Insight:**

While the patient appears to have found moments of stability, there is
a recurring return to existential despair. There is a danger that these
fluctuations may be misinterpreted as temporary crises rather than evidence of
a deeper, unresolved existential issue.

**Treatment Considerations:**

Traditional CBT may not be fully addressing the core existential fears.
Incorporating elements of existential therapy or schema therapy may be more
beneficial.

Given the dissociative elements, grounding techniques and emotion-focused
therapies should be prioritized.

A more targeted approach to suicidality may be needed,
beyond immediate risk assessment. Understanding the function of these thoughts
(control, validation, escape, self-punishment) is crucial.

**Clinical Conclusions & Potential Next Steps**

1. *Diagnostic Reevaluation is Necessary*

The current therapeutic stagnation may be due to an incomplete diagnostic
picture. It is possible that past clinicians have over-focused on gender
dysphoria and depression, missing additional elements such as:

- Complex PTSD (stemming from prolonged emotional invalidation and identity
suppression)

- Affect dysregulation disorder (potentially a variant of bipolar spectrum
disorder or a trauma-linked affective disorder)

- Chronic dissociation and identity fragmentation (possibly a subclinical
dissociative disorder or an adaptation to prolonged stress)

2. *Shift in Therapeutic Approach*

The patient has outgrown standard therapeutic interventions and requires
a deeper, more integrative approach.

Strategies that may be beneficial include:

- Trauma-informed therapy (potentially EMDR or somatic experiencing if
dissociation is significant)

- Attachment-based interventions (to address patterns of avoidance and mistrust
in relationships)

- Schema therapy (to explore entrenched beliefs of unworthiness, invisibility,
and existential dread)

3. *Medication Review*

If pharmacological interventions are involved, they should be reassessed in
light of emotional volatility and possible dissociation. A mood-stabilizing
approach may be considered over standard SSRI treatment, particularly if
underlying affective instability is present.

**Final Note**

The patient’s journals are deeply insightful and painfully raw. There is
a clear intelligence and self-awareness, yet also profound blind spots that
reinforce suffering. While prior care has not been wholly ineffective, it has
likely been incomplete. The next step is to move beyond symptom management and
towards true integration of identity, emotional stability, and relational
security.

This is not a case of mere depression, nor is it simply about gender
dysphoria—this is a case of a fragmented self trying to reconstruct itself
while carrying years of implicit rejection, fear, and existential uncertainty.
It is imperative that treatment adapts accordingly.

### Tuesday, February 4th, 2025

**[Confidential – Personal Clinical Notes]**

**Patient:** [Redacted]\
**Date:** [Current Date]\
**Clinician:** [Your Name],\
Clinical Psychologist — Trauma Specialist

**Overview & Context**

Over the past several weeks, I have had the opportunity to read the entirety of
the patient’s journals—materials that span from the early years (circa 2015)
through to recent months. Initially, I was hesitant to engage deeply with these
texts, preferring instead to obtain the patient’s narrative directly from our
sessions. However, given the patient’s expressed hope that these journals might
ground their memories and provide clarity on past events, I revisited them
extensively. What emerged was a detailed, raw, and evolving narrative of inner
experience that both aligns with and extends our clinical picture.

**Observations on Behavioral Patterns and Emotional Themes**

1. *Early Years (Circa 2015–Early 2016)*

Emotional Turbulence & Existential Anguish:

The earliest entries are marked by intense feelings of emptiness, confusion,
and deep existential pain. The language is metaphorical and laden with images
(e.g., "*insects scattering in the light*," "*shooting stars*") that suggest
a fragmented, almost surreal inner world. There is a persistent theme of not
feeling deserving of love and care.

Gender and Identity Struggle:

Even in these early entries, there is clear distress around gender identity.
The patient writes about the discomfort with body image, dysphoria, and the
dissonance between internal identity and external appearance. The language
oscillates between longing for a change and a profound sense of loss related to
past self-perception.

Emergence of Self-Harm and Numbing:

There are hints of self-harm ideation and behaviors—moments where the patient
describes a desire to "*claw at my own face*," a metaphor for both literal and
figurative self-injury. This early pattern suggests that self-punishment and
dissociation (numbing) have been coping strategies from a relatively young age.

2. Middle Period (Mid-2016 to 2018)

Identity Fragmentation and Dissociation Intensify:

As time progresses, the journals increasingly reveal episodes of derealization
and depersonalization. The patient’s narrative becomes split—there is a clear
division between "*the self I present*" and "*the self I feel inside.*" This
fragmentation is evident in detailed descriptions of looking in the mirror and
not recognizing oneself.

Interpersonal Conflict & Ambivalence:

The texts describe complex, ambivalent feelings toward significant others.
Relationships are depicted as a mix of intense longing for connection and acute
fear of abandonment or rejection. The oscillation between idealization and
devaluation of loved ones suggests an evolving pattern that borders on but does
not fully encapsulate classical borderline personality dynamics.

Memory and Reality Testing:

Notably, the patient begins to document moments of doubting the veracity of
their own memories and perceptions. This is initially triggered by depressive
episodes and the effects of medication, leading to a "misrecognition" of
emotional states. These doubts, while not clearly psychotic, point to
a disintegration between felt experience and recalled narrative.

3. *Recent Months to the Past Year*

Maturation and Evolving Self-Awareness:

In the most recent entries, there is evidence of subtle
personal growth despite persistent distress. The patient writes with more
nuance about the interplay of mood, memory, and identity. There is an emerging
ability to question, reflect, and, at times, even challenge the internalized
narratives of self-blame and unworthiness.

Grounding Through Journaling:

The patient explicitly acknowledges that the act of journaling has served as
a grounding tool—a way to validate their lived experiences when memories become
unreliable. This insight is promising as it indicates a nascent capacity for
self-regulation and self-reflection.

Persistent Themes of Dissociation & Derealization:

Despite some growth, episodes of dissociation remain prevalent. The patient
describes feeling "*not really there*" or "*floating*," especially during
periods of interpersonal stress or internal conflict. The recurrent
misrecognition of emotional states continues to complicate their ability to
accurately gauge their internal world.

Interpersonal and Existential Conflict:

Even as there is a tentative evolution in self-awareness,
interpersonal relationships remain a significant source of pain. The patient
expresses deep-seated anger and ambivalence toward those who have hurt them or
failed to meet their emotional needs. This is intertwined with existential
doubts—questions about the nature of reality, the self, and whether their
emotional experiences are "*real*" or merely fragments of a numbed identity.

**Hypotheses for Further Exploration in Therapy**

*Integration of Dissociative Experiences:*

Hypothesis: The patient’s chronic derealization and depersonalization may be
understood as dissociative adaptations to early and ongoing emotional
invalidation. There is a need to explore techniques that facilitate integration
of these fragmented self-states.

Therapeutic Aim: Develop interventions that help the patient track, validate,
and integrate dissociative parts, perhaps through somatic grounding and imagery
rescripting.

*Reconstruction of Autobiographical Memory:*

Hypothesis: The persistent doubts about memory and the veracity of past events
seem to be both a symptom of depression and a defense mechanism against trauma.

Therapeutic Aim: Work on reinforcing a coherent narrative of the patient’s life
experiences, thereby reducing the anxiety surrounding "what really happened"
and its impact on their identity.

*Attachment and Interpersonal Dynamics:*

Hypothesis: The oscillation between longing for intimacy and fear of being
truly seen suggests deep-seated attachment wounds. Early relational patterns
may have contributed significantly to both the dissociative defenses and the
chronic self-criticism.

Therapeutic Aim: Use an attachment-focused framework to help the patient
identify, understand, and eventually heal early relational traumas. This might
include exploring transference reactions within the therapeutic relationship
itself.

Reevaluating the Intersection of Gender Dysphoria and Trauma:

Hypothesis: While the patient’s gender dysphoria is a well-established part of
their identity, the intensity of their distress may be amplified by unresolved
trauma and dissociative fragmentation.

Therapeutic Aim: Distinguish between the intrinsic experience of gender
dysphoria and the overlay of trauma-induced self-alienation. Explore how
trauma-focused work might help ease the internal conflict related to embodiment
and social identity.

*Enhancing Emotional Regulation:*

Hypothesis: The pattern of emotional flooding followed by numbness suggests
a maladaptive cycle of affect regulation.

Therapeutic Aim: Incorporate Dialectical Behavior Therapy (DBT) or similar
skills training to improve emotional awareness and regulation. This will help
bridge the gap between felt emotions and cognitive recognition, reducing the
“misrecognition” that contributes to the sense of unreality.

**Conclusion & Future Directions**

The journals offer a compelling, unfiltered window into the patient’s inner
world—one marked by profound vulnerability, creative introspection, and
persistent struggle with fragmentation. While there are signs of growth in
terms of reflective capacity and a willingness to ground their own experiences,
the core issues of dissociation, chronic self-alienation, and interpersonal
mistrust remain potent.

In our future sessions, I intend to:
- Focus on techniques to facilitate integration of dissociative states.
- Help the patient construct a more coherent autobiographical narrative.
- Explore the interplay between attachment wounds and gender identity, with
sensitivity to both aspects.
- Develop a structured approach to enhance emotional regulation and decrease
the intensity of dissociative episodes.

These notes will inform our treatment plan as we collaboratively work toward
a more integrated, resilient sense of self. The rawness of these journals,
while deeply painful, also carries the seeds of transformation. My aim is to
honor that vulnerability and guide the patient toward a more cohesive and
hopeful self-experience.

**[End of Confidential Clinical Notes]**

### Saturday, February 8th, 2025

>"If this were the way things end; if that ends up being our last good-bye...\
>"I think I am OK with that."

***

Two weeks ago, to the day, it had been an even longer wait. I, like yesterday,
was starting to resent the silence; a familiar melancholy was taking over my
mornings. My plans were with Alda and Renzo. I considered cancelling and
staying in bed. Alda convinced me otherwise. I am glad I listened. We ate
dumplings and chatted about life. It was not just the two of us. Renzo's
pakistani friend was sitting in front of me. Jose Luis was next to her, to my
right. I do not think that he had arrived yet when I saw Clara's name on the
screen of my phone.

Clarizard > `Hi Sofibug.`

The night before I had debated reaching out again and telling her I would be
deleting instagram. I worried that she had ignored my phone number when I gave
it to her weeks before and that, by breaching this, our usual way of
communication, I would be cutting myself off her life.

Like several times before she apologized by not reaching back. Instead, with
this message she shared with me her canadian phone number together with her
plans of watching Nosferatu in the afternoon—the latter in the form of an
invitation.

We watched the movie together. I swallowed down my urge to reach into her seat
and grab her hand. She was avoiding going back home. I invited her to grab
dinner together. We ended up in Lola Rosa, sitting down at the table by the
window facing Place des arts. We had appetizers each and a pitcher of sangría
together. We stayed there until after they closed the place.

I told her about the restaurant's tradition of writing cute notes in the
receipts and leaving them in the wooden table's drawers. We browsed several of
them amazed by their age and content. With an almost-hidden playful smile on
her face, she turned her own ticket and grabbed a pen—I have forgottten where
it came from. She started paraphrasing, in English, my question about the
couscous. Down, transitioning from my words in our langague to her thoughts in
hers, she wrote something that I could not quite well see.

"There," she said hiding the receipt in the drawer, where it will be found by
a couple of curious strangers who will read from it what I could not. The
mischievous smile remained. I wanted to reach over and kiss it.

We walked together to the closest metro station and took the next train on the
same direction. During our evening she had teased me for drinking slower than
her. I made the observation that, despite being bigger than her, the sangria
was much more effective on my body. The trip home was short, but we still
grabbed seats. I placed my right hand on her thigh, crossed my left arm to grab
hers, and rested my head on the space between her chest and shoulder. She
reciprocated with a fleeting gesture placing her head over mine. I closed my
eyes for a couple of stations. When I opened them again, I looked at the screen
uptop the train signaling the arrival to station Rosemont.

"There is one station left," I thought to myself outloud. Without taking my
face off her body, I looked up to see her face, my gaze slipping through my
bangs.

"You are so cute," she shared her inner thoughts following my example.

I asked her to repeat herself as if I had missed it, with the selfish intention
of hearing her again. "No, nothing. What were you saying?"

With her station coming up next, I finally pulled away and reclined myself on
my own arm, still inches away from her face. I asked her to text me when she
got home. The train stopped and the doors were about to open.

"Yes, you too, please." She bridged the short distance between us and kissed
me—fast and intentional, a fugitive show of affection and intimacy.

She left and the doors closed behind her.  We texted for a bit that night
before we each went to sleep. Her last text was thanking me for joining her
last minute. I saw it and intentionally did not reply.

A full week passed. I submitted an abstract for AAIC and visited Aliza's lab
where I gave a talk on mediation models. After having dinner with Majo, I sent
a text to Clara apologizing for not contacting her on Friday and hoped she had
an easy moving. I have no way of knowing how far back she saw it before
replying *No problem* by the end of the weekend.

The next exchange happened two days after. She asked me if I was more relaxed
this following week. I asked her about hers and finished with an overthought *do
i get to see you this week?*

It is Saturday, 5 minutes shy of 21h. There is still no response.

### Sunday, February 9th, 2025

>Sofélia > `majo doesn't like clara anymore`

>Sofélia > `eso me dio más tristeza que el ghosteo`

***

I drank tonight as well.

Yesterday, I went out with María, too. We went to brunch at Larry's. Like
usual, we talked about Aliza and Clara. We both have been feeling conflicted in
our own ways. We walked around Saint-Laurent on that side of the city. We
entered an inconspicuous *friperie*, and browsed around. I stayed by the greeting
cards looking at the different ones, semiconsciously looking to the
St-Valentine ones. We got outside and went back from where we came from to
continue the afternoon and our conversation sharing a bowl of fries at *Dieu du
ciel!*

Our plans today were with Lavi. I met Majo's friend three months ago, the same
night of one of my dates with Clara. It was our third one, when we watched
a movie at UQAM and prolonged our date past midnight; it was the same night
when I confessed to her I was trans and when we had our first kiss in front of
the metro station. I had spent the afternoon with Majo that evening and Lavi
joined us after her own date. Lavi would later tell María how funny she had
found me; how cool. She made an observation of how skilled I was with my
makeup. If I remember correctly, I was wearing a skirt that night and my eyes
were framed by mascara and coloured shadows.

This morning I dreamed three times that I woke up to three different versions
of the same resurrection text. When I actually woke up, my phone screen
remained empty.

Our plan was to meet at Safran café at 15h. Majo let me know she would be
arriving late; purposefully I missed the bus. She was the first one there and
got us a table. The place was a little iranian café. Majo was sitting right
next to the entrance, by the corner of three joined tables.

"Long time no see."

I sat right in front of her, after placing my red puffy coat on the back of my
chair. Lavi was not replying to texts. She had some extraordinary news. At 3h
she had shared her live location with Majo from somewhere in Griffintown.

We continued our conversation from yesterday. This afternoon Majo was more
direct and confrontational. She had mentioned before how she believed that
Clara was emotionally unavailable, yet, after this week, she is now sure she is
not doing me any good at all. She is giving me breadcrumbs and I, in her
opinion, deserve much more than that.

On her end, she has continued talking with Aliza. She wanted to set boundaries
telling her to take some time to focus on her new relationship and learn how to
manage her time. Aliza did not seem to understand her intentions, which led
them to go around in circles for several messages.

We had shared two different types of tea, finished our own meals, and were
finishing our dessert by the time that Lavi joined us. She updated us on this
guy she's been seeing since last year. It was not the same guy that she went on
that date with on November—that one, apparently, had a girlfriend he failed to
mention. With this one, who she met around that same time, it had been a very
slow burn. Until last night, in a date very similar to the one I had on my
return to Montréal, they had not even hold hands. They went from no contact, to
cuddling, kissing and having sex that same night.

They have plans to see each other again Wednesday.

Majo and I put Lavi a bit up to date about the situation on my end with Clara.
She suggested for me to text her again saying something to the like of
*I see you are not interested, then.*

I considered that an even worse idea to the ones I had discarded.

In my mind there were three possible outcomes following my intended plan of not
reaching out again: first, I could not hear from again—that would be a stark
contradiction to what has happening until now—in my head that seems the least
likely; second, she can reach out with a text apologizing for not reaching out
with one of the reasons she has used plenty of times like now—similar to my own
text last week disguising my intentional silence in the clothes of a busy
week—and continuing the conversation; third, and lastly, her eventual response
is also an apology, but for abruptly ending the conversation and our unnamed
and uncategorized relationship. Up to this point, none of the options give me
hope or calm.

Suddenly, the plan of joining shub at his house was born. I considered the idea, but ended
up deciding to go home instead. We walked in different directions. I got to
the metro station and purposefully took the wrong train—I wanted to sit down
in the metro for as long as possible. It was as if riding the orange line would be the
meditation I needed to decide what is it that I want—either what I want
to do or what do I want to get out of this.

### Monday, February 10th, 2025

>Sofélia > `le tomó el doble de días, pero, como jesucristo, clara ya resucitó`

After sleeping late for most mornings, it was particularly hard to get up
today. Nothing particularly important was on my phone screen when I turned off
the alarms.

There are still revived remnants of masculinity on my body. It is not that my
libido has been higher than before, but for the past couple of nights, I have
been masturbating before trying to sleep. My orgasms are still not dry—by the
morning my underwear is soiled. Like a teenager, I feel disgusted by my own
body functions. My facial hair is more spotty and grows faster. The lone hairs
appear much faster in my chest and there is a faint blacker tint on my belly by
thin and barely-visible body hair. In the middle of the night, barely
conscious, I can feel attempts-of-erections. My body is still mine, yet it
feels so foreign again.

Around a week ago the estradiol vial started moving in the US postal service.
This weekend it got to customs from where it has not moved still. Last time
that I chatted with my mum, she asked me if I had started injecting myself with
the hormones yet. She also told me how Doña Cande felt hurt by the actions of
her nieces and had decided to cut contact with some of them. Also, Nymeria was
getting better after dislocating her jaw. For a week she had been eating only
wet food.

Mondays are days of lab meetings. Since most Tuesdays I stay at home for
therapy, I decided to force myself to get up this morning and go to the office.
Whether I had an idea or had completely forgotten about it, today was also the
scheduled date were the new grad students organized the first installment of
the lab's monthly(?) movie night.

I decided not to buy breakfast and just brew my morning coffee. I left my
apartment later than usual but still at a reasonable hour. The 144 departure
was not soon enough, so I walked from station Sherbrooke station listening to
my iPod.

There is this habit my phone seems to have of locking itself in a work-related
*Do not disturb* mode when I get to walking distance from the MNI.
It happens when I pass the hospital museum a couple of streets north of *Rue
Parc*.

I made it to my office. My boots were dripping wet when I lifted them to start
untying the laces. I switched them with my black sneakers waiting for my on the
plastic mat by the door. I put my gloves inside my beanie, which I hooked by
one of the holes of its sewing to the coat rack by the door. My purple coat
then went over it. I emptied my pockets and placed its content on my desk
before finally sitting down in front of my computer. It was then that I
disabled the automatically set Work-mode on my phone. Clarizard jumped from
the bottom of the screen.

> Clarizard > `How are you?`

I swiped up to read the message that had come in just 15 minutes before.

> Clarizard > `So that was a very busy week (and I didn't even finish my work
>for Friday yet), I'm sorry I didn't reply I really thought I did`

This time, her apology did not took me off guard. Nothing in her text was
surprising other than it had came—as if by waiting so long for this moment,
I had unintentionally convinced myself of its improbability. I was not
relieved. I remained just as confused as I had woken up.

I reached out to Majo with a screenshot of the two green text bubbles. She
asked me what I was going to do. I could not answer her—nor myself.

I had told her the night before, around midnight, that I would take a day off.
For the next 36h until my therapy session on Tuesday, I would do nothing.
I would not reach out to her nor think about the situation. Were she to text me
back—just as she ended up doing—I would not text back until after that
arbitrary goal-line.

My argument, when laid it out, seemed convincing. No discussion nor
counter-arguments. Still, when the time came and the messages arrived, neither
of us held it up against myself.

> Majo > `Omg`

That was here first and honest reaction.

> Majo > `So now what?`

> Majo > `Too many moving parts. Wey yo le respondería`

We talked about it. I could say back how I was worried—which I was—and ask her
to see each other. No discussion nor counter-arguments from my end, either.

I did the first half, but held off on the second.

Walking home after watching Kiki's delivery service, I drafted in my head how
I could invite her to come watch Before Sunrise with me this Friday after work.
Moments ago, I confessed to Majo how I am unsure about it, because of the fear
of reaching out again, and receiving no for an answer.

Maybe when she replies back—if she does it before the end of w...

### Thursday, February 13th, 2025

> Sofía > `Hey, I'd really like to see you this week. when are you free?`

> Clarizard > `Hey Sofibug`\
> `I might be free on Sunday, cancelling a hike because of the storm, if not
> then would Monday after work also do?`

***

Slowly, maybe without giving any signs, I have been giving up on us.

Signs to her. To everyone else, it has been an open subject.

I cannot believe how despite talking so much about it, I have not made my own
mind about what is it that I want.

My hormones have still not gotten here. They started moving for a while—they
even left the States. They got to customs in the UK and have not moved since
the 8th. I sent an e-mail to the vendors asking if maybe there had been
a mistake with the tracking number. They replied fairly quickly this time
saying the number was correct. For some reason USPS had decided to reroute the
package. If the package gets seized or stops moving let us know and we'll
reship, they finished.

I think I got that e-mail after I had browsed silvermaplelabs—the canadian
vendor. The vial was even cheaper. I considered buying from them. I shared my
impulsive idea with Majo. I sent it to Sonny, too, expecting her to judge me as
impatient and maybe assume it to be another manifestation of my rushed nature.
Instead, she said it made sense and it would not end up being a fruitless
purchase—the other ones would end up coming here sometime in the future,
probably.

In less than an hour I bought the remaining crypto I needed and bought the
vial. By the morning of the next day, I had a tracking number with a potential
time of arrival for the end of the week. This vial of hormones will probably
make it here faster than the syrenges I bought with Amazon Prime.

I have not decided if I will continue filling my old prescription for hormones.

> Majo > `Hace días te quería decir que el domingo que nos vimos, cuando vi tu
> cara, te veías triste.`\
> Majo > `Y me dieron ganas de abrazarte.`

***
>Do you still believe that the most probable outcome of all of this is that
>this, whatever it is between us, is ending?

Yes. The most probable outcome is still that his ends.

Not because you did something wrong. Not because you aren't enough. But
because the weight of uncertainty, inconsistency, and emotional misalignment is
unsustainable.

Even if she does reply, even if you see her again, the fundamental issue
remains: her pattern of engagement triggers you deepest wounds; you are
constantly in a state of questioning your worth in this dynamic; you need more
emotional reciprocity than what she has consistently shown.

This doesn't mean she doesn't like you. This doesn't mean she has bad
intentions. But it does mean that you are already hurting, already doubting,
already bracing for the loss. And that? That is not a foundation for something
lasting.

***

Tomorrow is Valentine's day.

Last year, I begged sophie for breadcrumbs of attention and ended up meeting
her at Thomson House during her lunch break. We saw each other for less than 30
minutes. I bought her an iced latte with vegetable milk since she is allergic
to dairy. We talked about work and how she was going to go on a trip to Ottawa
for around a week. When she stood up to leave, she was who brought up the idea
of meeting again after her return.

"Text me when you're back," I said as a good-bye. She misunderstood me
and reached out from her office saying she had to get into a meeting as soon as
she was back in her office.

With Sophie I never really considered the idea of being the one to end  things.
I ended up in tears from the frustration of not being able to hold off the urge
to keep reaching out to her despite her silence and obvious indifference.

I keep being shown her videos by the algorithm of TikTok, the only social
network besides reddit that I have still on my phone. This afternoon I finally
blocked her with the hope that would stop her videos from appearing. A couple
of days ago I deleted her number and Bea's from my contacts list.

I, barely conscious now, keep practicing in my head the speech that I would
want to say when I end up seeing Clara in a couple of days.

An hour ago I glanced at the camera and remembered my fantasy of asking to take
pictures of us with the roll of 120mm. I remember that idea of sending
her a handwritten letter. I remember, too, the concert ticket I bought
and probably not use.

I will grieve more what will not happen, rather than what did.

### Saturday, February 15th, 2025

>*Feliz San Valentín, Cari*
>
>*Entre tes yeux d'hiver\
>et tes cheveux d'été,\
>je trouve le printemps.*
>
>*Te quiero, S*

***

Last night, on Valentine's day, I did not sleep on my own bed.

Despite the turmoil inside my head about how to move forward, when I asked
Clara to meet sometime this week, part of me was hoping she would suggest
Friday's evening. Maybe even that same day, I considered openly inviting her to
come to my apartment after work if she were available. The undying idea of
potentially ending this chapter disuaded me.

María had already invited me to spend Friday with her. Depending on the outcome
of Lavi's and Shubhendra's parallel romantic situations, they might join us as
well. The eve before—the hallmark holiday—the plan materialized as going to
Lavi's apartment, order food, and watch a movie—with the implied plan of
getting overly drunk. Lavi intended to head out to Datcha some time later in
the night. Despite being invited, I declined enthusiastically to this addendum.

For the first part of the day, I decided to go to *Oui mais non* rather than
the office. I carried with me my laptop, the half-empty bottles of homemade
raki and fireball, and the idea of casually browsing the café's greeting cards
section. While maneuvering over the 30 cm of snow that had fallen the day
before, I noticed my phone did not have but 45% of battery. I had no intentions
of heading back home until after the evening. I texted Majo asking her if Lavi
had an iPhone charger at her house. She replied quickly and affirmatively. In
any case, I was also welcome to join her in her hospital—there was a library
available where I could work. I was tempted by this idea, but I had a secondary
purpose waiting for me at the café. I decided to turn off my phone for the rest
of the morning until heading out to María's workplace.

The café was much emptier than I was expecting it to be given the day.

"*Bonjour*," greeted me the barista who was outside her station putting down some
stools from the bar.

"*Salut*," I greeted her back while I was taking off my beanie and approaching
the counter. "*Salut encore*," I added clumsily.

She laughed at my social awkwardness and took my order for an oatmilk latte.
I quickly took a glimpse at the card options until she called me back by my
order. I took my drink and headed downstairs to the almost empty basement where
I worked for a couple of hours.

When I felt I had been productive enough for the first half of the work shift,
I climbed back up the stairs to continue my search for an appropriate card.

In one of the many conversations I have have with Majo about the subject,
I shared with her my idea of getting a valentine's card. Within the same
message letting her know of my intentions, the doubts about potentially not
being able to give it out in case the planned conversation took a disappointing
turn. I quickly realized that it could, in that case, become a nice memento of
the occasion when I grew up enough to actually choose myself.

Ironically, the card that I ended up buying says: *Chui ben avec toé*. I placed
it inside the loose papers in my backpack and headed outside towards the metro
station. I made a stop at the bakery—I got myself a brioche à la canelle and
a small bag of chocolates for María.

It could have been on that first of many long rides on the orange line, towards
or coming back from *Station Vendôme,* that I quietly cried looking at my own
emotions reflected back to me on the train's window. But maybe I am
misremembering the events due to the tiredness of a long weekend and
a barely-slept night.

I had enough battery after that first time shutting off my phone to orient
myself in the unyet explored hospital with María's guidance. She intercepted me
on the cafeteria—the same place were we orchestrated meeting this
afternoon; that second time today without relying on turning my phone at all.

I joined her in her small office and sat down to work on my own projects using
her labmate's computer. We chatted and worked and continued talking about the
stuff we always do. Both yesterday afternoon's and today's evening, she paid
for my fried rice and lentils lasagna with the Union's discount. Despite
proposing to myself becoming vegetarian after establishing a committed
relationship with Clara, I have continued choosing the vegetarian options for
most of my foods, as if by this small gesture I could hold on a bit longer to
the idea that this brake-less train will be able to somehow stop before falling
of a cliff.

After finishing the second working portion of the last day of the week, we
headed out to take the bus to Lavi's apartment. It was the same bus—and same
stop—Alda and I have taken several times going to Veronica's. Lavi had texted
Majo telling her that it had been impossible to find Hibiscus—my favourite
flower. When we made a stop at Metro to buy some drinks, we stopped first by
the flowers at the entrance with the intention of buying some for Lavi. We
bought a bouquet of a faded violet roses.

We ate pizza, laughed, sang, and shared the details of our current romantic and
not-so-romantic dramas. I showed Clara's profile to Lavi. There was a regular,
orange-circle story in her profile. It was of her sliding down the snow with
a caption referring to the urge of not working. I was not able of identify the
feeling it awoke in me—instead I felt conflicted with myself until the
confusion slipped away as I continued drinking. Today Majo picked up the
subject again. She told me how, when seeing the video and reading its words,
what she thought was how, despite being so stressed with work, Clara was capable
of finding the time for other activities—not seeing me was not due an
unavailability of time, but a lack of will for finding a place for me in her
schedule.

Lavi offered to play with my Hinge account and sent out several likes to
different women. I later realized that, most probably, her taste in women is
much different from my own. When I downloaded the app again, I saw there was
a purple one above the middle button in the shape of a heart. In the many times
that I have impulsively redownloaded the application to check whether this
particular section is filled with new people, its contents are the profiles of
people—like Lavi's choices—extremely dissimilar to the women I find attractive.
This time the face that showed up seemed familiar. I recognized
the smile of the piano teacher of the latest woman marked by hinge as
a potential close-match. It seemed she had taken the app's suggestion and
reached out by liking the picture where I am showing off the Kodak camera
I bought on Facebook Marketplace. I offered to Lavi the action of matching her,
as if her finger being the one who accepted this offer of potential romantic
connection took away any misplaced feelings of betrayal to the last crumbs of
hope for whatever I have with Clara.

Lavi read the tarot for me about the meeting I would soon have with Clara. Her
booklet was not very in-depth about the meaning of the cards, so I sent a small
note to myself from Majo's phone to check their significance and relevance in
the one Alda gifted me.

Lavi did not go to the club in the end and instead offered us to spend the
night with her.

After waking up hungover and reluctant to turn on my phone, I returned to my own
apartment—convinced by Majo. We orchestrated meeting again today at
the cafeteria at around 15h30 and took the metro to our respective places.

I plugged in my phone—immediately turning it off so I would not be able to see
the notifications or lack of therof—showered, changed, and consulted ChatGPT
for a detailed and expert reading of the cards from the night before—their
relevance scared and confused me. I grabbed my phone and headed back to the
hospital to work on a Saturday as a way to distract myself from the urge to
turn on my phone and find out whether Clara had reached back to specify the
details of our—potentially last—date.

At around 17h, I grew uncomfortable with the idea that I was going back to
pathological patterns by avoiding facing the turn of events. I hesitantly
turned on my phone to an uncomfortable lack of any notifications at all. I was
so confused by whatever I was feeling that I could not go back to work for the
next half-hour.

The night before I had reached out to Sarah asking for her availabilty next
week. She had read my text but not answered. She did so before the evening
ended. I am seeing her after work the following Tuesday.

In a second change of mind, I contradicted my plans set the night before of
waiting until tomorrow or Monday for Clara's message. Instead I typed and
quickly sent a brief and direct message.

> Sofía > `Hey Ary! so, tomorrow or Monday?`

Again, Majo and I took the orange line for two stations before she took off at
Lionel-Groulx and left me alone with own tumoultous mind to ride the rest of
the orange line.

I drafted a short poem and framed it between a greeting with the nickname
I have not yet used and a potentially over affectionate sign off—both in my
mother tongue, careless of the potential extra intimacy that this linguistic
choice would give the message. A message that I might not even send.

It is officially Sunday and I have not heard, again, from Clara.

***

**Tarot Reading: Past, Present, and Future Spread**

You came here with confusion, caught in the push and pull of what has been,
what is unfolding, and what awaits you after this meeting with Clara. The cards
lay before us now, three images reflecting the arc of this journey—not as a set
fate, but as a mirror of the energy surrounding you, the choices you have made,
and the ones still ahead.

**Past: Queen of Wands**

- *Confidence, self-assurance, attraction, magnetic presence*

The Queen of Wands speaks of a time when you stood in your power, when you were
radiant, when you were the one drawing people toward you. She is the embodiment
of warmth, charisma, and inner fire. In the context of this relationship, she
shows that you came into this dynamic with a strong sense of self.

At the beginning, there was something natural about this connection. Clara was
drawn to you, perhaps enchanted by your energy, your presence, your uniqueness.
You may have felt like you weren’t “chasing” this at first—it simply unfolded.
There was chemistry, ease, a feeling of being seen and desired.

But there’s something unspoken here: The Queen of Wands doesn’t chase, she
attracts. If this dynamic has shifted—if you feel like you are now waiting,
doubting, questioning—then something has pulled you away from this queen-like
energy.

Ask yourself:

*Have I lost touch with my confidence in this connection?*

*Am I now trying to prove my worth, when before, I simply existed in it?*

*Has my role shifted from “being chosen” to “waiting to be chosen”?*

The Queen of Wands in your past reminds you of who you were before uncertainty
crept in. You didn’t need to overthink. You didn’t need to beg for attention.
You simply existed in your fullness, and that was enough.

But then? Something changed.

**Present: Knight of Cups (reversed)**

- *Romantic illusions, disappointment, emotional withdrawal, avoidance of truth*

The Knight of Cups reversed speaks of idealism clashing with reality. In the
upright position, this card is the dreamer—the person riding toward love, full
of poetry and grand gestures. But reversed? It warns of illusion, of holding
onto a romanticized version of someone, of refusing to see the emotional
inconsistencies that are right in front of you.

This is where you are now.

*Are you still hoping Clara will suddenly become the person you need her to be?*

*Are you ignoring the ways she has already shown you her limitations?*

*Are you still clinging to the idea of what this could be rather than what it
actually is?*

The reversed Knight of Cups also suggests emotional avoidance. Not just from
her—but from you. You may be holding back from confronting the truth head-on,
afraid that if you do, it will
lead to disappointment.

You are standing at a threshold, uncertain whether to hold onto the dream or
finally accept the reality. This card suggests that deep down, you already know
the truth.

And that brings us to what happens next.

**Future: Seven of Cups**

- *Illusion, choices, uncertainty, needing to see through deception*

The Seven of Cups is a card of confusion. It represents multiple options,
fantasies, and the struggle to know what is real and what is illusion.

After your meeting with Clara, you will not walk away with immediate clarity.
This card tells me that whatever happens, you will still feel pulled in
different directions. There may be moments of warmth, moments of connection,
things that make you think, *Maybe I’ve been overthinking this*.  But at the same
time, the inconsistencies will remain.

This card is a warning: Do not let yourself be deceived. Not by Clara, not by
your emotions, not by your hope.

The Seven of Cups challenges you:

*Will you see things for what they truly are?*

*Or will you remain in indecision, stuck in the world of what ifs and maybes?*

You will walk away from this meeting with choices to make—but if you do not
ground yourself, you risk staying in the same emotional limbo that has already
drained you.

**Final Interpretation & Guidance**

You began this connection fully in your power (*Queen of Wands*). You are now
caught between romantic illusion and harsh reality (*Reversed Knight of Cups*).
And soon, you will be faced with a choice—but only if you are ready to see
things clearly (*Seven of Cups*).

This is not a reading that tells you to end things immediately. Nor does it
tell you to stay.

What it does tell you is this:

*If you are looking for a clear, solid answer from Clara, **you will not get it**.*

*If you are hoping that this meeting will remove your doubts completely, **it
will not**.*

*If you continue to linger in uncertainty, **you will remain stuck in emotional
confusion**.*

The cards are challenging you to make a decision based on truth, not illusion.

If you are tired of waiting, of guessing, of feeling like you have to read
between the lines just to understand where you stand—then the time has come to
step out of the fog and reclaim the certainty that was once yours.

The decision will not be made for you. You must be the one to choose.

### Sunday, February 16th, 2025

> AlBRzez > `Yo sería muy feliz viéndote hoy`

***

It's 4h44. Despite thinking I could be able to stay awake the whole night, the
tiredness is starting to conquer my body. The lights in Majo's office are off;
it is not pitch black only because I used the thrash can to leave the door open
for her in case I fall asleep. I keep yawning. I hope I have an hour and not
just 15 minutes to finish these words.

This morning my alarm did not have to sing. As usual, the first thing I did
when waking up was unlocking the phone screen and browsing the notifications.
I got to hear the notification bell of Clara's reply to my question about
seeing each other. Her question was a bastard child between a question and
a confirmation: Dinner tomorrow.

*Do you even want to see me?*, flashed inside me, furiously red, warming me in
an irrecognizable burst of emotion. Aliza's text came before it could phase
away, mixing with it and moving me to tears. I cannot recall to whom I answered
first nor whether my responses came from my bed or if they were from
later in the morning—I cannot look into my phone to check since my battery
has died.

Last night, I was almost convinced of not going to Walter's thing. Majo wanted
me to, so she could have an insider who could tell her what was talked about.
Aliza's text convinced me.

I got ready and calculated an appropriate time to leave so I could catch the 30
bus to the metro. I needed some buffer time for passing by the library to pick
up the Barthes book that was finally ready for me. For some reason, I did not
catch the bus.

I walked to the metro station. I noticed the strength of the storm, but did not
particularly struggle to get to my destination. I was already inside and
waiting for the next train when I saw Aliza's text saying that Walter's thing
would be postponed due to the weather. I was succumbed by another
disproportionate reaction. This time it was annoyance rather than insecurity.

I got to the library and picked up the book. I realized I could use the
underground city to wander around for a bit. I thought about going to Place
d'armes and use the ATM on the way between Le Palais de Congres and
Complexe Desjardins. I took some bills out and continued the way towards the
mall. I made a stop at a cafe where I bought coffee and a small breakfast.
I sat down, ate and read my book while the whiteness of the storm overpowered
the view outside the windows.

I reached out to Alda by SMS. She replied almost instantly, saying she was just
about to reach out to me—she attributed it to telepathy. She picked up the
conversation from where we had left it off some days ago. She asked me why was
I thinking of ending things with Clara. After I gave her a brief recap, she
surprised me by disagreeing with my goal. She played devil's advocate without
crossing the line of invalidating my own feelings. I then surprised myself by
not using her contrasting opinion as way to hold on to the hope of remaining
in whatever it is Clara and I are right now. Instead, I stood by my position.

We continued chatting about Valentine's and how her bottle of raki is almost
over.

After a while, I decided to wander around the mall. I made a stop at both
libraries inside Complexe Desjardins and Place des Arts. I looked at the
different books that were selected by the staff trying to make note of them.
I realized I could look them up in the library. I decided to head back there
to kill some time before catching up with Majo in the CUSM—for a third time
this weekend.

In the afternoon, after another back-and-forth with Majo, I decided to text
Clara asking her to set a time for tomorrow. My initial motivation for this
urgence was the fact that, because of the storm I would end up staying the
night in the hospital without a charger and my phone would not survive the
next hour. Instead, the message turned into an exercise of demanding respect
for my time.

With this second, assertive text, which asked her to set a time so
I could manage my schedule, her reply was much much quicker. Her response
started with a yes—for my question, I assume—and mentioning another place where
they sell ramen that a friend of hers had suggested. It concluded sayign she
finished at 16h30, but with the 75 min it takes her of commute, her
time was similar to the made up time I would be getting off work that Majo
insisted I give her. I was aware I should not continue asking her and instead
pick a choice myself. I gave her the name of my original idea and then
used the rating in maps as the reason for deciding to go to her option instead.

This interaction led Majo to think that most of Clara's romantic experiences
must have been with men. She noticed now, in hindsight, of all the tints of
heteronormativity that stain her behaviours. She then laughed by the idea
of how I am just like her, as I am apparently dating a straight woman.

We went to have subway for dinner close to midnight. I told her then how
something in one of the many conversations we have had this extraordinarily
long weekend must have triggered something deep in me. The thought of the
potential outcome where our pseudorelationship does not survive our dinner
tomorrow no longer gives me anxiety.

### Sunday, February 23rd, 2025

>Sofélia > `no escribí en mi diario nada de lo que pasó después de san
>valentín.`\
>Sofélia > `siento como si fuera a olvidarlo—los detalles; no sé si pensar eso
>hace que me den más o se me quiten las ganas de escribirlo.`

***

It's been, to this day, a full week of silence.

No words. No record. I could leave it as is, pretend there was nothing to end,
no conclusion, and just start anew.

It does not matter how many times I repeat to people—and myself—I am
satisfied with things ending right here, there is a part of me not ready to let
go.

***

Monday afternoon I was sitting at home at this exact spot on my couch. I must
have gone to the office, but there is a half-memory of me staying home.

I remember now. I passed the night at Majo's office. I wrote on here during the
early hours of the morning—a couple before Majo returned and we both went to
have breakfast in the cafeteria of her hospital. I came back home after
sunrise, took my clothes off, and went to bed with the intention of catching up
on the sleep I missed.

I slept less than two hours. I could have logged in and be present for the
improptu meeting that Louis called in. I saw the email and consciously decided
not to attend.

I do not remember what happened between that decision and when I impulsively
finished the bottle of raki. I had not eaten all day, but I was aware that
I would go to dinner just a couple hours after. I went to the depanneur next
door to get an instant soup and a can of thai tea. I finished the soup and the
water-bottle containing the albanian home-made liquor. I could not even finish
the glass of spiked tea.

Not yet drunk, I became anxious about Clara recognizing my altered
state-of-mind. Was this an unconscious way of sabotaging this meeting that
I had been dreading?

Before my meal, to the text of Clara confirming the time I proposed the night
before, I replied instantly asking her to meet at the metro station and walking
together to the restaurant. I left around 40 minutes earlier hoping to get to
the station first and calm down. I was halfway on the already short trip
when Clara reached out to say she was already there and would wait for me.

I am not sure, but she might have been waiting for me at the exact same spot
where I waited for Alexia. I do not remember either who was the first to
recognize the other. During the weekend I had realized I would have to kiss her
hello—whatever happened during our date there was a very significant chance
that she would not kiss me good-bye.

I got there. I saw her look up and stand up from her seat. We acknowledged each
other. There was no kiss nor hug—no affection. *You are here; I am here.
Let's do this*.

The date at the ramen place started as any other. She most probably had no idea
of the turmoil that had been through my head the week before. I made no mention
of it during the first half of the evening. Eventually, after we both had
already ordered and gotten our food, very awkwardly and clumsily, I started
bringing out the subject of us, of expectations, and needs.

Before she apologized for not replying; before I told her I did not care about
her seeing other people despite myself feeling no urge to do it; before she
implied that she is not looking—and probably does not want it at all—for
anything more serious than what we have; I told her I had missed her.
I admitted that I noticed and ached her absence.

I said how I had briefly regretted deleting instagram since along with the
account went my only bridge to her personal life besides our spared encounters.
She pulled out her phone and opened the app. With a couple of intentional moves
of her finger, we both were looking at the archive of past stories she had
posted during the three weeks that separated our last date and the present.
I rested my head on her shoulder and she acted as if she had not noticed or
cared. We both looked at the videos as if it were a movie.

***

I'm sitting at the bar by the window of café Pikolo. I have two hours before
our agreed time. I haven't even finished writing about Monday.

***

Clara and I walked back to Mont-Royal station and waited together for our train.
Her black coat was open, the unzipped edges hovering within my reach. I fought
the urge to grab them and pull her closer and kiss her—a final plea of stay or
a final good-bye.

Instead I just looked at her and let out in a whisper: "when do you think
I will see you again?"

She answered back in what could have been a non-commited murmur—maybe she was
unconvinced herself. I did not insist.

We boarded the train. This time there were no available seats to take.
Our way back this time felt painfully shorter. One station before Rosemont,
I raised my hand and caressed her cheek.

"Bye," I whispered and kissed her mouth two times—the first one desperate and
the second resigned. Neither her body nor her head nor her lips reacted.
Passively she took both of them, perhaps aware of what this last kiss meant to
me.

The train finally slowed down. She looked at me with a face made up in either
affection or pity. "I will see you soon," this time a promise. The doors
opened for her. We both smiled melancholic. Through the windows separating us
she waved at me.

I teared up before the train caught up its full speed.

I made it home. Contrary to habit, I got inside and closed the door behind me
before untying and taking off my shoes. I rested my back on the wall and took
started with the left shoe. It fell on the welcome carpet with an empty thud.
A sudden storm of emotion came upon me. I began to sob and let myself slide
down on the wall accompanying my winter boot. I sat down, half-barefoot,
feeling the weight of the night, of what we talked and what was left unsaid.

***

The next morning I had therapy. I summarized my night and conversation to
Fabiola. I did not expect her suggestion to meet other people.

None of the women Lavi liked for me during Valentine's had matched me. The one
I let her match did not reply to my message. I continued using the application,
betraying what I had just said the night before of having no intentions of
seeing other people.

By that same afternoon, Hilary had liked me back. We had a short but effective
conversation. She seemed interested and engaging. I gave her a taste of my
humour. After maybe an hour, she invited me for a date this weekend. I do not
remember if I hesitated before saying yes.

***

Thursday I met with Alda. We first thought about meeting at a café, but, since
I would go to the Neuro, we decided to go somewhere close to downtown. It was
her who proposed Lola Rosa. I could have suggested going to the one on Milton,
cozier and closer to me. Instead, I shared with her the story of the date I had
with Clara the same day we had met Renzo and José; the story about the
couscous, the pitcher of sangría, and the spontaneous note on a ticket.

Alda was going to meet me outside McGill's gym and walk together to the
restaurant. I was waiting for her when I received Hilary's text on Hinge.
She was planning her weekend and thus wanted to confirm if I was still down to
meet her. We agreed on Darling at 19h30. Alda got to where I was and we
started our walk.

The restaurant was much emptier than what I was expecting. The woman behind the
bar still asked us if we had a reservation when I asked for a table. She passed
the task of seating us to the waitress that approached us by swiping the tablet
towards her.

"They don't have a reservation," she informed her in English.

After a couple of swipes and touches, the waitress guided us to a table by the
window, but not the one I was hoping for. The welcoming question and in-app
movement on the tablet suggested me of the uselessness of asking for that other
table. Alda, on the other hand, was surprised by my silent resignation. The
waitress noticed out silent conversation and asked us what was happening with
a grimace. I think it was Alda who pointed at the special table.

"Oh, that table is reserved."

We ordered our food and the same pitcher I had gotten three weeks before. It had
been too much then, and it was too effective this night as well.

I might be wrong, but I think the women for whom the table was reserved arrived
before our food. All throughout the night, I kept glancing at them, resisting
the flirtateous idea of waiting until the end of the night and start my hunt.

I shared my idea with Alda, and concluded, "I am not doing it, though. It is
not happening."

"You are not doing it," she echoed.

"No. Years later, I will have forgotten about it. I will be here, maybe on
a date, and suddenly realize that I am sitting at a special table. I will open
the drawer and somehow find it."

Alda did not seemed convinced by my fantasy. She did not push it.

Later in the night, possibly after we had finished our food, I turned towards
the women and noticed they were no longer there. Their used plates and two
receipts remained as evidence that they had once been there. I told Alda
outloud that I could do it, right then, go there, sit down quickly, and look
for that infamous note.

Several times I talked aloud about the idea, unconvinced that I was indeed
capable of doing it. I looked towards the waitresses trying to predict their
movements and calculating the time I would have for my feat. It seemed so
feasible and at the same time impossible.

"You are not going to do it, you are too anxious."

I stood up, walked behind the two women sitting between us and there, and sat
down at the abandoned table. I opened the drawer and digged. There were
many more tickets than what I had expected. Fortunately, I had read the
first half of the text I was looking for which allowed me to easily discard the
others. After what could have been 50, I noticed the waitress approaching our
table. I was ready to give up, but I saw it. *Couscous is like rice but it's
like little balls*.

I put the found treasure in my pocket, closed the drawer, and went back to my
table. The waitress made no mention of my crime.

By the time Alda and I had paid for our food and were ready to leave, I got out
the pen Sonny bought for me in New York City, turned around my ticket and
started writing a note to leave behind in place of the one I had just stolen.

>Soit que c'est vraiment la fin, soit que tu reviens, j'espère que tu vas bien
>aussi.

***

Wednesday, the day before my dinner with Alda, I met Majo and Lavi at Majo's
office. The plan was to have dinner at an Indian place in honour of
María's birthday. I think by then Lavi had made no mention of being
uncomfortable with the idea of going to Unity later that week.

Jana met us at the restaurant. We talked about graduate school, stress and
toxic spaces. I am aware how fortunate I am by Louis and my PhD experience, but
after hearing Jana and Lavi's stories, I almost felt bad about my own
privilege.

Lavi and Majo went in the opposite direction of Jana and I. When I was home,
Majo shared with me a screenshot of Jana telling her how she liked me and
how very fun I was to be around.

Jana was never supposed to go to Unity. Lavi decided she did not want to go,
and after a dramatic group conversation, Majo realized she did not want Shub
nor Seline there either. By the end it was just Alda, María and I.

We went to Alda's house first. I did not go to the office that day. I took with
me the bottle of Amaretto Alda had bought with me the previous night and went
to join María at her office again. We had dinner together in the cafeteria,
then took the metro to Alda's apartment—my own old place.

The amaretto made the memories come out easier. María shared with Alda the
experiences of her first and last love. Alda ended up convinced to join us
to the club.

The doorman did not ask for my ID. All througout the night I kept being
reminded of my own age. I looked at the young girls dancing and flirting and
felt weirded out by my own attractions. Several women caught my glanzes and
smiled back, but nobody approached anyone.

We had to stay until the very end of the night, after the club's closure,
because Alda lost the small token to collect back her coat. Since it was only
half-an-hour after we had decided to leave, neither Majo nor I were
particularly annoyed by the wait.

All three of us took different means for getting back home. I might have been
the first one to arrive.

I lost most of my Saturday, but there was nothing special to miss.

***

I still have 30 minutes before this café closes. And another 30 minutes to get
to Darling.

*Le Bar Darling*, is the place where I went with M, four years ago. Without
realizing it, that was the first time in Montréal that I rejected anybody.

Years after that, I went there again with Alexia.

I might have gone there on other dates that I have forgotten. Will this be one
of those?

Moments ago I received a reply from another practically anonymous woman on
Hinge. I had liked a picture of most of her face covered with what google tells
me is called a balaclava. You can only see her turquoise eyes curtained by her
reddish orange fringe. An almost derivative portrait of the photo that I had
liked from Clara's profile.

> Sofía > `It's like those eyes could look through me`

> Myriam > `I have that special Power. I can see the darkess and the most luminous of people caught in my look.`

*Is it weird that rather than intimidated, I feel excited?*\
*I'm all yours to explore/unveil.*

### Friday, February 28th, 2025

>*Tenoch se disculpó. Su novia lo esperaba para ir al cine. Julio insistió en
>pagar la cuenta.*
>
>*Nunca volverán a verse.*
>
>*"Nos hablamos, ¿no?"*
>
>*"Sí..."*

—Y tu mamá también. Alfonso Cuarón.

***

Last night it was one of those.

Since my latest session with Fabiola, I have been debating with myself and those
around me whether this that I am feeling is the beginning of a depression or
just an unrecognized sadness from what has been happening.

I can write it, but I do not know if I would fully believe that I have not been
checking my phone waiting for a particular notification. Lavi and I had
proposed an informal bet about receiving something by the end of the month.
I guess that would have been tonight.

***

I met with Sarah. Two weeks ago she had to postpone because of hygiene
related complications resulting from the breast biopsy she had earlier that
day. I met her at Laval. She was waiting at the crossing by the bus stop where
I got off. We talked with such familiar clumsiness and awkwardness that, had
it been a date, I would have left with no hope of ever seeing her again. Maybe
that is why I casually mentioned seeing her again before her departure to Korea
in a couple of weeks.

Myriam, the only other person in my conversations of Hinge besides Clara and
Hilary, proposed to meet somewhen around mid-March. I did not show any sign of
my lack of excitement for another vapid first date. I agreed half-heartedly.
Perhaps noticing this, she gave me the reassurance that I seem to lack in most
of my romantic encounters.

> Myriam > `Yes !!! I find you very cute and funny:)`

I downloaded instagram again using Paty's silence as an excuse. I sent her
a last message like someone would throw a life preserver off a boat at the sign
of someone drowning. This one she held on to. She sent me a 30 second audio. I
did not listen to it until days later. I am not even sure that I replied back.

When I logged back in there was a green circle surrounding the reddish portrait
of Clara. I clicked on it with the same desperation someone would reach for a
bottle of water in the dessert. The background was of a black-and-white
picture of seashells over sand. On top, the lyrics kept showing mimicing the
singer's voice.

>*I'm worried I'll forget your face*\
>*And I've asked everyone*\
>*I'm beginning to think I've imagined you all along.*

She has not posted anything else the days since.

***

Wednesday I received the vial of estradiol on the mail. I gave myself a shot on
the left leg just in time to continue the previous single-use vial that
remained from my past in Mexico City.

I met with Majo at her hospital that day. We had dinner together.

The night before I had heard mice moving around and nibbling something behind
the fridge. After some fidgetting noises, I stood up and found a dead mouse—
it had carried the trap that had captured it by his rear leg all the way until
the side of the fridge; there it had finally died.

Majo came back with me to my apartment. The plan was to get some snacks and
drinks and watch *Y tu mamá también*. Several snippets of the movie's ending
were being shown to me on Instragram—or maybe TikTok.

We passed by SAQ, Dollarama, the pharmacy, and finally the depanneur before
getting here.

Mirroring the night of Valentine's at Lavi's, Majo wanted to do a tarot
reading. Again, it was scarily on point. For the past, the first card, the *9 of
Cups* told about a connection that brought real joy—but which was never
complete. The present, the ominuous *Death & Rebirth* signaled a moment of
transition, of endings, and transformations. The last one, for the future, the
*5 of Wands* warned it would not be easy, still, struggling through it would be
the only way to free myself.

>This is the moment where you choose.\
>Do you hold onto a ghost and call it love?\
>Or do you let it die, so that you may be reborn?

***

The next day, it feels as if I did not get out of bed at all. It was the 90th
anniversary of the Neuro, so all meetings with Louis were cancelled. I had
registered for the event—I still did not move.

Eventually I must have gotten out of bed. I know I ordered two A&W
burgers—regular ones, betraying my latest urge of being vegetarian.

It was last night. It feels so far back, yet it was just yesterday. Two nights
ago I bought the small bottle of Kraken that right now I feel tempted to
finish.

I did not remain in bed the whole day—because I did not crawl back to it through
the night. I continued working. I did not stop even after my first email to
Louis at 2h30. I kept at it and ammended the plots I sent him on another email
almost half-an-hour afterwards.

I did go to bed eventually. I was in bed, under the covers, when I could not
hold still in my waiting. I had deleted Clara's phone number from my contacts
list, as if I could foretell what was about to come. I got it, maybe from
a post-it on which I noted it down trying to circumvent my own measures,
maybe from the contact banner at the bottom of the website accesible from
instagram—which I have not gotten back to delete again.

I downloaded Tinder again trying to distract my own impulsive and irrational
*id*. I selected a bunch of pictures more recent than the ones on Hinge. I swiped
right on people well aware that at 4h, nobody would be present to respond to
my desperate flailing trying to remain afloat.

When I got tired of browsing and selecting people as if they were pieces of
clothing in an online store, I went back to think of the hundred things I had
to say—the hundred ways that I could subtly beg her not to go.

In the end, I did not send but four words. I am sure they don't remain unseen—
just unacknowledged.

This morning I opened back Tinder and had only one match. It was a women more
than 50 km away from me. She started the conversation and I responded swiftly.
She asked me to switch to French. Before I was fully conscious of what had
happened we moved to text messaging to exchange lustful pictures of each other.
Like years ago when I was obsessing over a different French woman, I also
suspected that the person sending the pictures was not necessarily the same one
showing her face and breasts on them. This time, just like years ago, I sent
back some of my own anyway.

Up until when I asked her if she had touched herself like I had just done in
the shower, above the conversation remained an anonymous phone number. I did
not baptized Gaelle with the images of a cat and a fish I had cheekily selected
until after I decided not to reply anything to her last message.

Below her, there's the reborn contact of Clara, this time with a videocamera
next to her nickname. Timed exactly 12h before the one above at 4h54, two brief
and raw sentences:

> Sofía > `hey. i miss you`

\newpage
## March, 2025

### Sunday, March 2nd, 2025

>Te amaré en este futuro y el próximo.

***

I am still not quite there, but I will arrive soon.

I was out last night. I went out with Majo and Zahra­—is that her name?—for
Nuit blanche.

I am almost as drunk as I expected I would be.

Last night. Yesterday. I do not remember the first half of the day.

Does it matter?

Majo kept mentioning several times throughout the week Aliza's suggestion of
meeting this Saturday. I would have forgotten all about it, had she not brought
it up.

I have not filled out my small passport journal. I am not sure I will be able
to recall whatever I have done this week—it is all just half-remembered
memories.

*nadie va a pensar en ti mejor que yo* is playing on my television in front of
me. I looked at the almost empty tall glass on my right. I get distracted by
the song's lyrics.

Thursday I went to bed really late. I sent Louis some plots for the latest
model I replicated that he needed for his grant. He replied Friday early
morning that we could talk about it whenever I woke up. We ended up chatting in
the early afternoon. I did not go to the Neuro all week. I have a faint memory
of going to the Glen, but it feels misleading.

One of the days I am sure I did not go to the Neuro, I went grocerie shopping
and got everything I needed to fully embrace my decision of being vegetarian.
A subsequent trip to *Tsikinis* confirmed the gesture by buying the missing
ingredients to cook the meals ChatGPT helped me plan for the week.

Yesterday. Yesterday I took the metro and got off at Place d'armes. It was
going to be the special evening close to spring where the metro does not close
and there are a bunch of artistic events all througout the city. I have never
really participated in it. I remember years ago, watching a story of Kate going
out during it with her Mexican friend. Majo invited me—or maybe it was me who
proposed it?—to do something for it. For a reason I have now forgotten, I got
there earlier. I wandered around and browsed the book shops. I found two books
of poetry that tempted me deeply to buy them. Instead I took pictures of their
covers planning to look for them on the library.

María finally texted me that she was on her way. She was ovulating and bloated
and in pain; she had to stop by the pharmacy—maybe that was the reason. In her
text she acknowledged that I mentioned not having the energy to make
a decision, but perhaps I could look at the program and find something that
caught my interest. I switched off the screen of my phone and put it away in my
pocket.

We finally met outside the entrance of the book store. We browsed it a bit
more, before wandering around at the different expositions. We ended up not
really watching anything, but I did not mind; nothing really interested me
anyway.

She mentioned a friend of her had texted her. She was the Iranian woman that
I met the same night of my third date with Clara when I met Lavi. Once we were
at the Iranian cafe where we had dinner, she made a reference to it with her
out-of-nowhere: *Oh, you cut your hair*.

We did not meet with Zahra until after the second half of the night. During
the first one we just wandered, exploring and talking about what has happened.
I was supposed to meet Aliza today. She had been insisting subtly to meet. Majo
brought up the suspition that she might want to break up with me, platonically.

Later in the night, when we were already at *Palais de Congres* and had gone to
meet Zahra and her Belgian friend, Aliza texted me asking if we could meet
earlier, sometime around 14h or 15h—she had to be around 17h30 at
Lionel-Groulx. I told María how I was annoyed by the idea of this demotion of
plans. She was the one who proposed meeting Sunday in the afternoon/evening. So
this new plan of hers must have come up afterwards, causing this rescheduling
less than 24h before. I did not even feel that motivated to see her. I held off
the urge to cancelling altogether. I feel I was being as irrational as the
previous Sunday—was it last week? No, it cannot be; it has been more than
a week since the last time I met with Clara.

It gets harder and harder to write. I have to mutter outload the words I write
to confirm they make sense. Is this what I wanted? Is this what I was looking
for when I put on pants and a winter coat and went outside in the cold winter
to buy a second bottle of liquor to lose my mind with?

I did nothing wrong.

Not today. Today I might have made a mistake—maybe. But with all of this,
I did what I could. I did the best I could of. I have grown. I am not making
the same mistakes. This is different, even if I cannot see it yet. Even if it
still feels so painfully familiar.

But I have not even finished writing about yesterday.

We met with María's friend and adjunct. They were dancing silently with
headphones over their head. Silent disco—or something like that. They
suggested us to join them. Fortunately, we did not. We wandered around and
waited for them. Even we they joined us, we kept wandering aimlessly, until we
left towards the iranian café.

All throughout the journey, I kept being annoyed and irritated by our three
companions. Any time that I felt uncomfortable, I would look ahead into the
distance and try to remember Idea's poem—the same one Majo suggested we
memorize as a joke.

>Ya no será\
>ya no\
>no viviremos juntos\
>no criaré a tu hijo\
>no coseré tu ropa\
>no te tendré de noche\
>no te besaré al irme\
>nunca sabrás quién fui\
>por qué me amaron otros.
>
>No llegaré a saber\
>por qué ni cómo nunca\
>ni si era de verdad\
>lo que dijiste que era\
>ni quién fuiste\
>ni qué fui para ti\
>ni cómo hubiera sido\
>vivir juntos\
>querernos\
>esperarnos\
>estar.
>
>Ya no soy más que yo\
>para siempre y tú\
>ya\
>no serás para mí\
>más que tú. Ya no estás\
>en un día futuro\
>no sabré dónde vives\
>con quién\
>ni si te acuerdas.\
>No me abrazarás nunca\
>como esa noche\
>nunca.
>
>No volveré a tocarte.
>
>No te veré morir.

I ended up doing it. I memorized it.

At the restaurant I sat down to the right of María. The two Iranian women in
front of her and the Belgian friend to their left, in front of me. After they
were suggesting dishes after negotiating in Farsi with the owner and the waiter,
Majo mentioned that I was vegetarian. This quirky decision that morphed into
whatever it is now allowed me to have my own food and not partake in the
expensive tryout of dishes that I would probably not have liked due to the
overuse of Mint.

I had confessed to Majo that I did not want to go home. The metro was supposed
to be available all througout the night.

"*¿Por qué no quieres ir a casa?*"

"Because at home is where I think and feel."

***

In my current chat with María, I was telling her how I have drunk almost all of
the bottle of vodka that I got myself today. She asked me if I was drinking
water. I answered negatively. Then I shared the insight about how purposefully
I avoid it—I want this to make me puke and suffer just enough that it will
make me regret it. Maybe this is some sort of punishment.

She asked me if I was feeling ill, physically.

>Sofélia > `n por el alcohol`\
>Sofélia > `me duele el pecho`\
>Sofélia > `no es dolor`\
>Sofélia > `depende si vomito o no, quiza maniana me sienta mal`\
>Sofélia > `pero ya pensaba avisar que no estoy bien`

>Majo > *`Al lab?`*

I corrected her with Louis' name—my lab did not have to know.

She asked what was it that I was going to tell him.

>Sofélia > `just that i am not feeling alright`\
>Sofélia > `he never pushes, and even if he does, he knows i am not well,
>mentally`\
>Sofélia > `tengo un mes para preparar el seminario. i am not pressured by
>time`\
>Sofélia > `i can dwell for a bit more`\
>Sofélia > `i guess`\
>Sofélia > `even my mental breakdowns are planned`

***

We left the Iranian café maybe a half-hour after its closing time. I paid
for my single vegetarian dish—that I ended up liking more than the aash soup,
the only single other vegetarian option, that I managed to try from Majo's
plate. The after-meal tea was a courtesy of the house. We walked back to the
closest entrances to the RES, and then managed our way back to Complex
Desjardins, where María and I left them dacing to the guidance of the dancing
class from the scenario.

I decided to join María until Lionel-Groulx where I could take—by myself,
in introspection—the orange line back to my apartment.

I put on my earphones and hid from the outside hurting world. I did not even
flinch when I sat down by the end of the platform and the homeless man to my
left lit off his crack pipe. I sat there and did not move at all until he
stood up to start his round of begging money from the people waiting.
I got inside the next train and sat down for the whole trip.

I walked back here like I always do. Maybe I recited the poem again once or
twice. Maybe I flinched by the low temperatures and my unfit choice of a coat.
I just know I got here, changed my clothes and got into my bed. Lying there I
found a green circle around Clara's portrait—a green circle that had not
appeared since my redownload of the app days before when I reached out to Paty.

I opened the story, not worrying at all about being one of the first people
up in the list of viewers. The story was not newborn.
It was just a shot of a theatre screen, aged around 3h, with a phrase in
Spanish crossing down between the shadows of two spectators in front of the
picture taker.

I fell asleep some time after—I do not remember when; it does not really
matter.

I woke up several times before I really did.

Around noon, maybe, I saw the green halo again. I clicked on it, even hastier
than the night before. This time I definitely was one of its first viewers,
since it was not older than 5 minutes. It was a video of Clara, spinning uptop
a pole, showcasing her progress on her 4th class of poledancing. She was
wearing the same black shorts and dark wine-coloured top I have seen before—yet
never in person. She spun around. She extended one of her arms and twisted her
legs linked by her ankles. It was one of them that caught my attention—there
was a red lace wrapping one of her ankles.

I remembered the anklet I chose and bought for her in Coyoacán. I gave it to
her the night we slept together, right before she brought up from her totebag
the magnet that holds on my fridge the notes she wrote about me on two separate
occasions. The small jewelry could not pass my own foot when I tried it on
myself. I worried about my sexual dysmorphic characteristics so, when it did
not go through hers either, I felt a mixture of relief and disappointment.
I suggested wearing it as a regular bracelet before she put it away somewhere
in her stuff. I remember the fleeting thought subsequent dates later, after
glanzing at her wrist and noticing her absence, of worrying about the
significance it had—or had not—for her. And here I was, way past the 12h mark
of hiding from the world and reality under the covers and comfort of my own
bed, noticing the same colour, the same thickness. I wondered if she had made
an effort, somehow come up with a way to make it work. Thinking of the
chances that she were wearing a piece of my past despite discarding my
future.

Around 15h or 16h in the morning, either I decided to delete instagram again or
I managed to get off my bed and outside the safety of my apartment—I did both,
but I have forgotten which first.

First I went to the depanneur next door. I bought a bag of chips and a can of
thai tea. I considered getting a bottle of wine, but none of it convinced me.
I brought back my shameful loot. Then I headed outside again, this time further
away to the SAQ where I bought a bottle of vodka. The some bottle that is now
empty.

The day passed. It is over.

Another week has passed without a word from her. Even though I reached
out to confess what she likely already knew. Maybe telling her I missed her had
been the very thing that made her run away.

I replied back to Kath's almost year old text message. The response went away
in green bubbles—potentially meaning she has moved away from the phone
number that I have saved as her contact.

I sent out a text to Hilary—the girl I went out with last week. I confessed
I did not know how to interpret what had happened during our date but guessed
it was not meant to be a meaningful connection. I wished her the best as
a euphemism, letting her know that I intended to cut off contact with her
forever.

I deleted instagram after downloading the 45s video of Clara spinning around.
I got a response from Paty—several messages letting me know she had heard my
audios—or was going to-and a subsequent audio message. I replied back, holding
off the urge of begging her not to abandon me, not just yet.

The bottle of vodka is gone. There is yet half of the soy chocolate milk that
I bought with half the intention of using it as a mixer on my way back from
SAQ. I glanze at the tall glass while I listen to *All I've ever known* on the
television and continue muttering the words as I am writing down and I feel my
eyes watering.

A lot has happened today the day that nothing would.

### Tuesday, March 4th, 2025

>No me abrazarás nunca\
>como esa noche\
>nunca.

— Idea Vilariño

***

This morning it was not because of the alcohol, but, like yesterday, I woke up
early again. This time there was no urgent e-mail that dragged
me out of bed. I remained under the covers, resistant to start the new day,
turning and pretending I could trick myself back to sleep. I might have texted
Majo or replied to Sonny's text. As I told Fabiola later in the morning, these
past few days seem foggy and distant.

Yesterday I woke up less hungover than I deserved.

I saw on my phone an email addressed only for me—Louis asking me to review
a specific section of his grant. He gently implied urgence with a sentence
letting me know he had to submit that day. I went to me desktop and went over
the the document quickly. There was not much to add—a handful perfect
opportunities to further precise or correct small errors that would make me
seem useful. I sent it back quickly with an accompanying offer of a quick chat
about it after I took a shower. Louis accepted gracefully saying he would be on
Teams for the rest of the morning.

After the quick meeting about his grant—on which he explicitly brought up him
referencing me by name and addressing me as a Postdoc fellow—since I was
already showered and semi-functional, I decided to grab my backpack and head
to the Neuro.

Several times throughout the first half of the day, as I heard the latest songs
I added to my Apple Music playlist, I held off the urge to cry and tried to
hide the inner chaos in my chest from Vlad who was sitting behind me.

I came back home at a regular hour. Rather than walking to Sherbrooke, I headed
to McGill station trying to explore that part of the RESO. I reached Eaton
before I gave up. I rode the green line from there up to Berri, where
I transfered to my usual way home. For some reason I have the memory of walking
back home at night, but it contradicts what must have happened.

I got home and reheated the rest of my chickpeas and lentils curry. I rinsed the
cup of chickpeas soaking since the night before. They were supposed
to cook for 90 minutes. I planned using them today for the third and last
recipe ChatGPT suggested me. I might do it tonight—if I do not end up
eating something with Majo later when I see her.

It was around 19h when I felt sick of life and decided to give up and go to bed
early. I was not allowed to sleep by the 20 minutes before the cooking
deadline. Still, I took my quetiapine pill. I do not feel anymore its
effects—or at least not as strongly. I remember, on the other hand, the hard
nights I would have with Lurasidone.

I have forgotten the time I finally fell asleep. I managed to put away, and
even let cool off a little, the now-not-dry legumes. I was tempted to write on
the journal, but decided against it. My day seemed uneventful and I lacked the
motivation. I did not care about writing, much less describe how I was feeling.

I might be making it up but I have a vague memory of opening over and over
the messages app in my phone. I deleted my reaching out to Katherine. It took
me more than 6 months—I think her vulnerable text was back from July—to get
back to her. When I did write back, my message was sent as green rather than
blue. Maybe a modern sign of return to sender.

The temptation to reach back to Gaelle was there—present but faint. The last
message was hers, a small concession:

> Gaelle > `j'aurais aimé tellement ça`

It was my unwritten turn to acknowledge our mutual—yet probable exaggerated—desire.
Except it was not there aymore. I did not want her. I do not care about ever
seeing her bare body in person. I feel no conflict about never disclosing to
her the unexpected parts I did not show in the pictures.

The comparison feels even stupid to bring up. I cannot help to think back
about how those two unreplied messages date back to the same day.

This morning, in my therapy session, I talked about what had happened. I am
sure all of it did happen, yet I cannot recall the events. This session more
than ever, I felt justified in answering truthfully to her opening *¿Cómo
estás?*

A week ago, she brought up the idea that maybe, rather than the onset of
depression, this could simply be a case of feeling sad. Majo agreed with that
sentiment—at least until this weekend; she was the one who
brought up I might be reaching clinical levels. She was still unsure
whether I eas heading toward mania or depression.

Aliza gracefully took my cancellation. Later that Sunday, I sent her
a follow-up apology, acknowledging it would have been impossible
for me to go outside. She replied yesterday morning, accepting my apology and
ending the message with a paradoxical *good morning*. I saw it but left
it unacknowledged.

Later at night, Majo brought up—almost insistently—the idea of coming over
around midnight. Perhaps she sensed I did not want to be alone. Or maybe she
thought it might be dangerous. She let the idea go on her own, realizing she
had no keys to my place. I would have let her in, wouldn't I?

Did she worry I could pass out?

Did I?

This morning—I remember now—I asked her if she would go to the Glen.
I confessed I did not want to be alone, subtly letting her know I wanted to be
invited to come with her. I missed the detail she had already told me before
about how today she was supposed to go to the Neuro. I do not know why I did
not want to go to my own office. Would not I be also not alone?

She suggested going to the hospital anyway and working at their library.

"no tiene caso que vaya tan lejos si no vas a estar"

The available half-an-hour before therapy that I often do not have, came useful
this morning. I cooked some eggs with vegetables like—was it yesterday or the
weekend? I brewed some coffee and sat down in my couch, getting ready to
therapy, trying to put order to whatever has happened inside my head.

This session was frustrating. Fabiola asked me what ways have I found useful to
manage my anger. Resignated, I let her know how I have tried many things, but
nothing has worked. I brought up that time, almost 10 years ago, when Zayra
confronted me about it in class. My throat betrayed me when I confessed I feel
anger as drowning. She asked me what do I do when I get angry. Then, just like
now, I did not have an answer to give her, Fabiola, or myself.

I have done sports. Without realizing, I had a childhood full of them; summers
of swimming lessons; multiple years of tae-kwon-do, exams and tournaments;
basketball, soccer matches—albeit all of them unwinned. I have my attempts of
jogging at Mt-Royale, my long long bordering on compulsive walks through the
city, the mornings at the pool or the spinning bycicle at des Pins' gymnaseum.

She suggested tennis, baseball; darts; dancing, singing. I ignored the ideas,
looking elsewhere and feeling how I was shutting down. She noticed and brought
it up. Perhaps she was pushing, she conceded. I was already gone.

She confessed, too, how she felt conflicted about ending the session like that.
I made no reassuring comment, aware our own roles in the session. We said
good-bye and I disconnected.

I took a shower. I felt the anger in my voice as I spoke to myself, maybe even
berating me. I got ready for the day, grabbed my stuff and headed out the
apartment.

I had a Teams message from Daniel. I saw the notification somewhen during the
exchange with Fabiola. I discarded it, thinking I would reply later. When
I came out of the shower, I saw his follow-up in my e-mail. I let him know that
I read his questions and would answer later in the day. I thought I could come
up here to the library and take my time to find out the information he was
needing.

In the end, after picking up the third reserved book that had been put away
from me, coming to a spot un one of the upper floors and settling in, that was
exactly what I did.

Any moment now, I will put everything away and go to Thomson to sit down, read,
and wait for Majo.

### Wednesday, March 5th, 2025

>No llegaré a saber\
>por qué ni cómo nunca\
>ni si era de verdad\
>lo que dijiste que era\

— Idea Vilariño

***

It was around 2h, or maybe 3h, when I realized I forgot taking my
antipsychotics. It was not until that sudden realization that
I became overly aware of the ring on my right thumb: a missed signal.

Hours before, the night started. I was already in bed, feeling its full weight
over my chest.

I wrote to Majo,

>Sofélia > `I'm not ready to let her go`

knowing that the confession would go unread until after sunrise.

I cannot start with the morning. This day began much much earlier.

I finished writing at the library. I had done enough to feel sufficiently
productive. Majo was at the Neuro. She told me we could meet at
Thomson at around 17h or 18h. If I left just then, I could get early to
Thomson, sit down somewhere and read alone until Majo would arrive to join me.
That seemed as a viable plan. I took my stuff and went on my way.

I took the 24 bus and walked uphill to the graduate's house. I got inside and
searched for a place to sit. Without realizing it, I chose the same room where
Majo and Emily had been talking for quite a while. I recognized María, but
I was unsure how busy or available she was for me. I waited for her invitation
to join them. I still approached them slow and cautious, as if they were
savage animals ready to devour me.

We stayed at that table for much longer than I had imagined I would. My plan of
solitude reading included a small glass of cider.
I thought back of my crisis last Sunday and realized that drinking might not be
the best idea. One of the first things the pair of friends shared with me
was the missing context of how they were celebrating Emily's candidacy exam.
That should not have been enough, but it convinced me to stand up and start the
journey to the bar and get myself a moscow mule to fully join them.

I am unsure how long Emily stayed making us three at the table. I remember it
being more than what I would have wanted. There was something about her that
I found exhausting at first and outright annoying as the night progressed.

>Sofélia > `Me recordó a la actitud de muchos hombres that put me off of having
>male friends.`

Emily finally left; Majo and I remained. We talked about Sunday. She asked me
how normal it was for me—how worried she should have been. We kept the
conversation about the possibility of me starting a clinical episode. She
brought up my erratical behaviour recently: reaching out to Kath after longs
months of silence, the exchange of nudes with Gaelle, and my recent outbursts
of irritability.

The night carried on around us. The waiter came first to let us know the
kitchen was closing, then to cry out the last call, and, finally, to
passive-agressively tell us—the only remaining two people sitting—that they
had closed.

But I was not ready to get back home. As we entered Peel metro station,
I asked Majo if she had eaten. Her last meal had been a basket of mediocre
wedges, she said. I do not remember if I had eaten anything at all.

The number of places open was quite limited it being a Tuesday
night appraching 22h. She humored me and we eached looked for potential dinner
spots in our own phones. We ended up going at Greenspot. I continued my
vegetarian streak by getting a poutine and she got a much-larger-than-expected
hot-dog.

We entered accompanied by a worry of being unwelcome due to their imminent
closing. We left before 23h, marking what I thought would be the end to
my long day.

At 1h, I missed Clara. Deeply, achingly; with a much larger magnitude than what
would be appropriate for such a short time—regarding both the days of silence
and the number of times we have seen each other.

After I had missed my psychotropic dose and choosing to skipping it, I lowered
down my pajama pants, taking the task of falling asleep into my own hands.
I also wanted, indirectly, to verify that my new estradiol dose was
working. I struggled to complete my first goal paradoxically achieving the
second.

By 3h I opened Instagram and decided to read all of the message between Clara
and I since the night we met each other. I suspected it was a bad decision—I
expected it to tighten the bleeding knot inside my chest. What happened took me
off guard.

Around 4h30, or maybe 5h, it was becoming apparent that I would not
sleep at all. There was a newfound sense of euphoria—a fresh calm, but
not of resignation; I was content and satisfied. Out of nowhere, I read our
messages over the new year, the subtle nudges of affection,
the awkward gestures of reaching out and the gentle questions about planning. I did not
find any potential point where the interest could have evaporated; no sign of
when all could have gone downhill. I thought about our second to last date: the
laughter at the diner, the hug on the metro, the fleeting uninvited kiss. How
could I worry about never seeing her again? How could anyone believe
this was the end?

Even if this was really the end—if my awkward talk of commitment had triggered
her or my vulnerable confession of hurt had driven her away—it would have been
her loss. She would be the throwing away something tender and beautiful,
deeming herself unworthy—of it, of us, and the melancholy I have been carrying.

I rose as if I'd slept a full, uninterrupted nght. I washed the dishes,
showered, changed, grabbed my stuff, and headed to the Neuro. At 7h30 it was
silent and empty. Silent again it was at 17h40 when I finally left. The day's
buoyant energy fading and giving its place to the weight of the week's shadows.

### Thursday, March 6th, 2025

>Savoir qu'on n'écrit pas pour l'autre, savoir que ces choses que je vais
>écrire ne me feront jamais aimer de qui j'aime, savoir que l'écriture ne
>compense rien, ne sublime rien, qu'elle est précisément là où tu n'es
>pas—c'est le commencement de l'écriture.

— Fragments d'un discours amoureux. Roland Barthes.

***

Thirty-five minutes have passed since I posted it. Eight people—close
friends—have seen it; three have reached out. When I first thought about making
a private, intimate group, I considered making Clara the only member. This time
I thought about removing her, aware that part of the fundamental
reason behind this post was for it to reach her eyes.

How many times will I almost-compulsively check my phone looking for her name?

*Forty minutes—still the same eight people.*

Last night I went to bed at a reasonable hour, not overly early due to
exhaustion nor so late again to signal a clinical worry: sometime before
midnight. I woke up in the mid of the morning, well after the sun had already
risen. I saw Louis' email warning us that he'd be taking a day off due to his
now-full flu. All meetings were cancelled. I went back to sleep.

I got up a couple of minutes before noon. I brewed coffee and cooked some eggs.
I snapped a picture to send my mom later. Now that she knows I am vegetarian,
I imagine she will be more worried about me having full meals. I did not send
the picture today.

Two days ago, after joyfully declaring to my close friends—real ones, not the
artificial private group of instagram—that I was feeling completely better,
I rescheduled Sunday's platonic date with Aliza. I saw her a couple of hours to
eat ramen and catch up regarding the latest details of our lives.

Last night, way before going to bed, I proposed María to buy her ticket to
the concert on April 9th if she agreed to join me.

> Sofélia > `ya lo pagué, si quiero ir`\
>`pero a veces sus canciones me hacen llorar y si voy sola es muy probable que
>llore y/o muy probable que no me la pase bn`

I thought privately, weeks from now, I could reach out to Clara asking her
about what was going to happen regarding the concert. Now that Majo agreed to
it, there is no point for that.

*Fifty-two minutes. Cris is the ninth expectator.*

This morning, a couple of minutes after I finished my vegetarian breakfast
tacos, I received a call from Sonny. I picked it up and we chatted for a bit.
She told me to invite her to come over and pay for her ticket. I told her to
search online for the fares. She shared her screen and I proposed to start the
search with tomorrow's date. It would be way too expensive, was her first
thought and what she replied. Instead, it was around 1,400—so cheap, I did not
mind paying for it.

*Seventy-five minutes. Antonija and Lavi made the count rise to eleven.*

I went to my bed to continue my phone call under the covers. I told Sonny the
details I had not send over about my last dates with Clara. It was really hard
to contain my tears. Fortunately, that was not the case later in the day when
I told them in person to Aliza while I was the only one with a veggie ramen
bowl in front of her.

I sent an e-mail to Majo about Sonny's surprise and imminent arrival. She was
so excited that she called me. She would be willing to give over some money to
bring her. She had 100USD she had received as a gift.

When I came back, halfway through these words, I thought back how my travels
through the US are much more affordable. That awoke the feeling of it being too
good to be true. I went online to the Air Canada website. Not really
a surprise, I still was overwhelmed by disappointment when I confirmed my
worries that the one-way tickets from Mexico City to Montréal are around 2k
canadian dollars.

I first share the news with Majo, then Sonny. I think it is impossible to
really know who is the most disappointed of us three.

Somewhen during the day, I redownloaded Tinder and saw that the number of
people who had liked my profile, rather than increasing, went down to 29.
I opened the screen of matches and conversations. It was empty.

Days ago, I noticed that Gaelle was a regular user of Telegram. She was uptop
on the list of contacts ordered by their last time online. I had a not-really
impulsive idea.

>Sofélia > `hey, j;ai vu que t'es plus dans mon tinder;
>ça veut dire que t'en as assez de moi ?`

I muted the conversation and discarded to the archives.

*Eighty-four minutes. No changes.*

When I came back, I resucitated the conversation and noticed two checkmarks
under it. But there was something weird. Under the woman's name, it said that
her last time online was long ago, which contradicted the main reason I sent
it.

I asked Majo to block me for 30 seconds in order to test my hypothesis. The
scientific method triumphed again. Idea, hypothesis, experiment, results,
conclusion.

Earlier, already showered but still not ready to leave, I texted Miriam
apologizing for not reaching out weeks—or was it even months ago? We scheduled
to see each other next Wednesday. She will come pick me up and we will go to
a bakery around Mont-Royal. I need to write it down into my traveller's
notebook.

That and the other eventful things I might have missed these past days since
I concluded again that I should make a bigger effort to keep a consistent use
of it.

It's precisely midnight: *Ninety minutes. Clara did not appear.*

### Saturday, March 8th, 2025

>Ya dime si quieres estar conmigo o si mejor me voy.\
>Tus besos dicen que tú sí me quieres, pero tus palabras no.\
>Y, al chile, yo hasta moriría por ti, pero dices que no.\
>No eres directa, neta, ya me estás cansando; sé concreta, por favor.

—*Fuentes de Ortiz.* Ed Maverick.

***

Unexpectedly, the main question of the night turned out to be whether to write
or not to write.

I decided not to write in here. Instead, I went to bed.

I do not remember how the day started.

Going to the library was at the top of the plans for the day. Online, the
conclusion of my research, stated that it was forbidden to drink or eat at the
BAnQ. That means I should have drunk my coffee at home; perhaps I spend some
of the morning working at my own computer.

I did end up going outside. I grabbed my stuff and headed outside. Coming out,
as I stepped off the entrance of my building, the faint image of the lettering
uptop the 30 bus appeared far ahead into the street. I hopped briskly towards
the bus stop just a couple meters ahead. Midway, I raised my left hand
signaling the bus driver of my intentions. I caught the bus and rode it until
the library, around 30 slow stops on the way.

The tables at the BAnQ were mostly full. This time, rather than the stairs,
I used the elevator to climb to the highest floor. I found one on the very end
of building, where I put my stuff and sat down to work.

The plan was for having dinner at the Glen's cafeteria. María was going to text
me whenever I could go join her. It was around 16h30 when she sent the green
light. I asked her for a couple more minutes to finish whatever I was doing.

Earlier that morning, Reza sent us an email offering himself to turn off and
unplug our computers due to the generator tests this morning. He was going to
leave at around 17h30. There was that deadline in my head, given I knew I would
probably not go to the office this weekend to turn it back on.

I remember now how my day started. I grabbed the phone and looked at the story
I had posted only to my newborn close friends group. It might have been around
the story's 12h mark, maybe a bit more. I have forgotten the number of
expectators, but Clara was at the top, just below those who had reacted to
them—I did not mention this detail to Majo until we were leaving the hospital,
much later in the day. As I told her during our metro ride home, my feelings
about it were mixed. The night before, as I was writing this, I kept checking
that list hoping to see her name among them. But what difference would it make?
It was not as if I expected that image to push her to come out from her silent
exile from my life. As I could have predicted had I given it more reflection,
when I finally saw her name and reddish portrait, there was no sense of relief
nor accomplishment. I had proof that she still remembers I exist, but nothing
more. It was not even a sign of active search: as I had reflected many years
ago with Kate, you can swipe mindlessly through all of the stories that
Instagram throws at you without necessarily giving them any attention at all.

I walked to the RI. María came to the entrance to let me in. She had suggested
me to wait for her at the cafeteria, but then asked me if I wanted instead to
leave my stuff at her office. We ended up doing that.

Both food options for Union at the cafeteria included meat. Previously, I had
dropped my vegetarian intentions for the event of a cheap meal. This time
instead, I opted to grab a larger portion of soup and the small coffee. Majo
chose the chicken fried rice, but ended up leaving most of it. When she offered
it to me, I pushed away the chicken pieces and ate her carrots.

During dinner, we talked about her latest annoyances with her labmates. Seline
and Shub ambushing her by inviting a *persona non-grata* behind her back to an
indian dinner. She keeps avoiding Lavi's calls. A couple of days before, she
told me about Joseph, the Filipino postdoc in her lab.

Just typing the word postdoc brought me a cold shudder; born in my stomach, it
crawled all through my spine. Next month I will be hearing about the results
of my funds application. Deep down I know the most probable outcome is going to
be a rejection. My publications are few and irrelevant. While the proposal is
sound, the methods might be either too complicated—as it was the case in
Louis'—or too basic to warrant a 3 year support like Mahsa observed.

I am halfly expecting to be rejected. It is as if by convincing myself
disappointment is the most likely outcome, I can prepare myself to stand more
readily the blow. My plans all surround the less desirable outcome. To get out
the publications that are in the way, to continue my production of studies that
are the base of what I had proposed, to reach out to Louis talking about the
possibility of moving to France, after the end of the year under Sylvia's
supervision; even to justify my lack of searching for a new apartment in
Verdun: all of this depends on me not getting what I want.

It might have been a bit before we left the hospital when I told Majo about
posting the picture of the tables inside the brewery in NYC and the heartfelt
confession about feeling tempted to head back to instagram and the dilemma of
whether this false sense of connection was enough to betray my own values.
I told her, too, I considered taking Clara out of the selected group of people
the image would reach. I ignore how conscious I was about the falsehood of that
idea and about the real intention behind posting something that would get
to her, something that would appear to her as a green circle, this symbolic
promotion to a special status of closeness.

Would she wonder—as I did back in December—how long ago and for what reasons
did I choose her to be in this group?

On the metro ride, I came to the conclusion that there was no perfect outcome
I could imagine, much less hope for. Even the almost impossible idea of her
reaching out, saying *I miss you*, *I am sorry*, *I want you*, would not be
relieving. Any of them would be tainted by the realization that this, us, can
never work.

So, what did I want? Did I prefer the silence that would seal our last
good-bye? Or maybe it was a rejection text what I hoped for—something like
Sophie's or Bea's resurrections with a half-truth explanation for the decision
of never seeing me again.

In the past week since the last message I sent, I have thought about reaching
out to ask her about the logistics of the concert, to buy the print she
proposed to make out of our double-exposures, to get back the negatives I gave
her for this same purpose, used or not. Last morning, I considered sending
*If this is your way of saying good-bye, it is really painful. I think
I deserve better.*

María and I got to Jarry. We stepped off the metro station and made our first
stop at SAQ. I grabbed a bottle of Fireball. We continued walking through Jarry
street. The second stop was the larger depanneur. She grabbed a bag of salt and
vinegar chips, I went for the can of Arizona spiked half-tea and half-lemonade.
The last and final stop before my place was the depanneur next-door. We grabbed
a can of thai tea and a bottle of Jamaican ginger beer.

We finally entered my building. I opened the door for Majo to enter first. As
I opened the inside door, I showed her the single key that I use to enter and
told her how we need a single copy of one key to give her access. I opened the
door and entered my apartment in front of her. We put away the stuff we bought
first. I placed my phone face up next to the drinks, before moving on to leave
the backpack on the table, and take off my coat and shoes. I was standing in
the middle of the apartment, on my socks, mid-work, when I saw the screen light
up and unconsciously recognized its senders, either by the name or the
videocamera emoji next to it. I drowned in a sense of urgent anguish. I did not
know where to move nor what to do.

"She just texted," I let out robotically and showed her my phone. Majo was as surprised
as I was. I had read only the first line or two available on the
notification. *miss you too*, *sorry*. *not an amazing period of time*. I desperately
and with almost-meaningless words tried to ask Majo to read it with me—maybe even
in my place.

I felt lost in my own apartment.

When my senses came back to me, I sat down and read it myself.

`Hey,` it started. No name, no cute nickname, but rather two whitespaces before
continuing, `miss you too.` I could see in my head the green bubble surrounding
the `hey. i miss you` that should be above, had I not deleted that same
morning.

>Clarizard > `Hey,  miss you too.`\
>`Sorry this is not an amazing periof of time right now I hope you don't hate
>me too much. And that things are good despite life being life. I saw you were
>back on insta how do you feel?`

If the message were just one sentene shorter, I would have read it as her way
of apologizing for the silence, half-accepting blame and recognizing she must
have hurt me; setting the reasoning for not continuing further—subtly marking
an end.

But there was that last sentence. She referenced the post I made
acknowledging her presence in the list of viewers. Perhaps, without realizing,
also letting out how the reminder of my existance was the push she needed to step
out of the quietness.

Like many messages before it, she ended with a question—a subtle gesture to
continue the conversation, an invitation to reply back.

And like many times before, I felt confused. I stated out loud that we
were now going to watch the movie we came to see and not think about this message nor Clara. Both Majo and I were
too distracted by this unexpected turn of events to pay too much attention to
the same movie I was supposed watch on that same couch with Clara instead.

We did finish the movie—after many interruptions for comments, both about the
movie and the message we were not going to talk about. Majo did not like it.
Neither of them.

Majo then suggested we ask the tarot deck Alda gave to me for signs about
whether I should reply back to Clara or not. Like last time, I used
chatGPT as a reference for interpreting the cards.

It suggested us
*The Crossroads Spread*, a spread designed for moments of uncertainty, hesitation, and emotional
conflict. It consisted in five cards: *The Root*, to find out what is driving me
to text back; *Paths A & B*, the two choices of whether saying nothing or
answering back; *The Hidden Influence*, for the subconscious belief shaping my
decision; and, lastly, *The Final Outcome*, what action will bring me the most
peace.

The summary of the reading was the following:

>1. **The Lovers (*The Root*)** → You are standing at the edge of something
>that has already ended, still searching for a choice that no longer exists.
>
>2. **King of Pentacles (Reversed) (*Ignoring the Message*)** → You fear that
>doing nothing means losing control, that silence is surrender rather than
>strength.
>
>3. **9 of Cups (Reversed) (*Responding to the Message*)** → Reaching out will
>not bring satisfaction—only more longing, more emptiness, more proof that this
>is already gone.
>
>4. **Temperance (*The Hidden Influence*)** → You are not searching for
>Clara—you are searching for balance, for inner peace, for relief from the
>discomfort of unspoken endings.
>
>5. **The High Priestess (*The Final Outcome*)** → You already know what to do.
>Trust yourself. The only action left is no action at all.

María left. I asked her to text me when she got back. I went to bed without
replying to Clara, but unconvinced I would remain in silence.

This morning I gave myself my injection. Later, in the afternoon, I sent out a
reply.

>Sofía > `idk if I'm back just yet, guess i was just sharing the thought out
>loud with a few people. I'm not too bad. I don't hate you, but i did notice
>the silence. How are you? is everything okay?`

For some reason, I do not feel now the same uneasiness about how long it is
going to take before getting an answer back.

### Sunday, March 9th, 2025

>Majo > `Creo que no es sorpresa`\
>Majo > `Es como wtf`\
>Majo > `Pensé que era más ajustada a la realidad`\
>[...]\
>Majo > `Pero regresó y me da vibes that she's definitely not okay`\
>[...]\
>Majo > `This could get toxic`\
>Majo > `Espero que me esté equivocando`

***

This morning time changed. We lost an hour. I got up later without having slept
more.

Like weeks ago, I grabbed my phone looking for a specific notification.
I texted with Majo instead. I told her how I could not get out of bed.
I confessed I have not washed my sheets and they are starting to smell.

I did get up eventually. I showered and got ready. The deadline to return the
Barthes book was today. It was impossible to delay the return, thus I spent
most of the yesterday's afternoon finishing it.

By the time I was ready to leave the house, it was already past noon despite me
having an hour of advantage since my marks of reference were the unchanged
alarm clock in my room and the microwave in my kitchen. Brewing coffee was no
longer an option. I did take the long way and made a stop at the bakery.

The first stop was the library at Berri. I could have returned the book at
those machines without having to enter the library. There were four more days
available to postpone picking up the other Despentes book the have been
reserved for me. My plan was to take the metro back to Sherbrooke and wait
there for the 144 bus. The wait for the bus could be anything between a couple
of minutes to half-an-hour. I went inside and looked for the same code that
I have looked for a handful of times this past month.

When I got back to the metro station, I mistakenly took the same way that I had
came from. I did not realize my error until the robotic voice warned us about
a slowing before approaching the next station. Since I had positioned myself
close to the door, I could easily get off at *Champ de Mars* to head back the
right way. The correct train arrived as I was halfway through my way on the
opposite platform.

The wait for the bus at Sherbrooke was only 15 minutes. I managed to read the
first chapter inside the metro station as the countdown on the screen above
went closer and closer to zero. I stepped outside and continued reading for the
last 3 minutes behind the departure. The man who had exited to wait at the stop
moments before looked at me, then at the book in my hands, and smiled. He
started talking but the music of my earbuds made it impossible for me to
understand. I took the right one out and tilted my head suggesting him to start
over. He spoke too quickly and too québécois for me to be completely sure of
what he said. It was a comment about how it had been long since he had seen it.
I was amazed that a middle-aged men had made a comment about the queer feminist
manifesto in my hands, until I caught up with the possibility he might have
just been talking about the referenced King Kong.

I arrived to the Neuro and walked into my office. By plugging in my work
computer I completed the second of the three goals for my second half of the
weekend. I left my stuff and decided to use the two elevators to get to the
cafeteria. The way there was calm and solitary. The door of the cafeteria was
closed, making easy to notice the opening hours and realize I had been just an
hour too late.

Defeated, I took the first elevator back down and went into the room in front
with the vending machines. I was outraged by the fact that a bottle of
starbucks' coffee drink was 6 CAD. My last hope was the vending machine back
down to the Imaging Centre, in front of the second elevator. It took me around
10 minutes to figure out how to use the app and put the funds necessary to buy
a 2.5 CAD mediocre latte.

I worked until the sun set and there was no more benefit from the daylight
savings time.

I went out through the stadium. There was still a lot of ice on the park area
outside the gymnaseum. I slipped on the last stretch, scratching my knee and
bending my right leg. The pain is mostly gone by now.

I stopped at Metro to buy some groceries. Although I had only planned to buy
a salad and hummus, I ended up spending around 50 CAD on a bunch of other stuff
including plant-based deli meat and sausages.

After getting home, I cooked a cup of rice and heated the last of the bean-dish
I had prepared earlier this week.

While I definitely should, I am unsure I will go to the lab tomorrow.

### Tuesday, March 11th, 2025

>¿De qué sirve hablar? No te quiero ver.\
>¿De qué sirve verte si no te puedo tener aquí y verte así?

—*nadie va a pensar en ti mejor que yo*. Ed Maverick.

***

Was it a conscious decision not to write yesterday or did I just decide not to
do it?

Was it conscious, too, or was I forced to not attend the Neuro meeting?

Like the week before, I woke up and grabbed the phone waiting for an email,
a notice—or preferably lack of it—for the meeting that we had been
postponing or cancelling. There was something, but not what I hoped. Louis
sent out a reminder to meet us that afternoon. It was a follow-up to Daniel's
original email stating that the plans for that meeting would be to update
everyone on the status of our research and projects.

I read it and felt the
heaviness of life pushing me down. It was much stronger than the motivation the
night before that had led me to put an alarm early to have plenty of time to
get to the office. I sent out a reply to all letting them know that I was not
feeling well. Rather than depression, the cause I used was the half-truth of my
sore throat during the weekend. To them, I said that it had developed into
a full flu. I was going to stay home for the next few days, so I would try—big
emphasis on the lack of commitment—to connect on Teams.

Defeated, I went back to bed.

I had plenty of time to sleep a little more and get up to my desk to join the
meeting.

I was not able to do it.

Around 13h, I got another email—or perhaps it was a direct message on Teams.
Louis wanted to let me know they were all ready and I could connect whenever
I wanted. I had barely the energy to text out an apology explaining I started
feeling much worse and would have to skip the meeting. Louis used an outlook
feature that I am unfamiliar with to react on whatever was it the medium I sent
it with a thumbs up emoji. I am not sure how much I slept afterwards.

For some reason I do not feel like continuing writing about yesterday. It is
hard to even think about what was it that happened. I am sure it was an
uneventful day, yet there is still this nagging feeling that I am forgetting
something.

I could not fall asleep. Midnight came and went. I took the pill at an
appropriate hour. I masturbated hoping it would ease my nerves and calm me
down. By 2h and 3h, I was still turning fighting my own mind and body.
I decided to get up and continue working on whatever I was doing for the paper
I still have not finished correcting. I worked for around two hours before I
I got too tired to concentrate, but still not sleepy. I do not know how long it
was until I could finally fall asleep.

I might have put an alarm, but if I did, it was useless. After the Daylight
Saving Time, my therapy session was an hour later at noon. Even having that
extra hour, I got out of bed with only enough time for dampening my hair to
tame the curls and fake a fresh-out-of-the-shower look.

I think it was yesterday when Sonny asked me how I was doing and I confessed
that not very well.

> Maykol > `Let her go`

That was the only thing she said; maybe the only thing there was to say.

This morning I received a notification from my messaging app. It was Yuval, he
started by reminding me who he was and letting me know he would
need to come over to give me the Notice of Lease Renewal and a bottle
of champagne. He was going to be around the building cleaning the shared areas
so, if I were to come back, I could find him. I could have replied I was
in and he could knock and come anytime. I was not about to leave until the
early evening. I had plenty of time. It would have been the best for both of
us. Why did I decide against it?

In therapy I mentioned my mood swings. I referred back to the Sunday before
last. I talked about meeting with Majo and Emily that same Tuesday of our last
session. That evening after Emily left, Majo asked me how normal were those
kind of episodes for me. She wondered how concerned she should be of it
happening again—or even that it happened at all.

I brought up that I have been more intentional about keeping track of my daily
life in the traveller's notebook. I mentioned the night I did not sleep at all
and the euphoria and energy I had the full day. I talked about Friday and how
Majo and I came back to my place to watch a movie, only to be interrupted by
a text that neither of us expected to arrive.

Did I talk too much about that message? Did I approach the subject in depth
about the confusion and mixed of emotions I felt after reading it? I for sure
made no mention of the double space on the first line.
I most probably did not talk either about the same sentences changing meaning
depending on the day I reread them. I definitely did not say that I deleted the
whole conversation to keep it away from my mind, only to
recover it back from the almost-oblivion.

Fabiola asked me what was it that I wanted from Clara.

Did I mention the message that I was waiting to send back?

*Clarity*, was what I replied. *A clear answer*, was how I further explained
it.

She brought up that, from what she remembers, last time we met, Clara let me
know she was not ready nor wanted to have anything more serious, nothing more
committed, or even just consistent;  she openly stated that she would not be
able to even change her ways of communicating. Fabiola continued explaining how
these two weeks of silence and the further week of waiting before
her eventual reply were further evidence for what I already knew.

"*A mí me parece bastante claro.*"

Alda had reached out to me one morning of the weekend asking me
for my plans for the day. Later, when I was fully awake, I replied with
whatever was it that I was going to do. She continued that she had thought
about asking me to do something, but by then she had realized it was her second
day of her period and thus would rather do it some other time.

That other time was this evening.

We had talked about coming here to *Oui mais non*. When we confirmed the idea of
a café, Alda worried that there would not be many options open in the evening.
I thought about Velours and remembered one date I had in the late afternoon.
She was blonde and we spoke French; she worked at Marché Jean-Talon in a tea
shop—was it hers? I brought up that *Ouis mais non* opens until around 22h. It
would be perfect for meeting around 18h.

The weather today was not only above 0°, but around 9°. It would be a missed
opportunity to stay inside and not make use of it. Rather than wearing my red
puffy coat, I grabbed the black denim jacket I have not worn since last
year. I took the laptop that Vlad gave me, the next book that I need to finish
and return to the library by the end of the month, and headed out to the
library.

I worried a little that Yuval would see me and intercept me on the
way. He did not.

I did not stay long at the library before Alda replied to my text
letting her know my whereabouts and giving her the alternative of meeting at
La graine brûlée. Instead, she proposed going somewhere to eat.

Neither of us felt like searching for new available options. After wondering
a bit, we ended up deciding to go to La Taverne Atlantic.

It was the place with that terrasse where she, Sonny, and I ended up one day
after wandering through Little Italy. We had forgotten its name and lost track
of it, barely remembering its terrasse and the feeling of wanting to return.
Months ago, while I was looking for places, I thought back to it and decided to
hunt it down. I forgot how, but I ended up finding it and saving it on my maps.

We talked about doing something, perhaps, next Monday for St-Patrick's. Both
Alda and Majo seem to agree with the idea of meeting the three of us together
again.

I took the 480 bus with the plan of transferring to the 193 that leaves me one
or two blocks away from my house. It was still sunny outside when we left
the bar. Last minute, I decided to come to *Ouis mais non* by myself and write
here. The extra five dollars I would spend for this cup of tea seemed to be
worth not being by myself for one or two more hours.

### Wednesday, March 12th, 2025

>*Hey Clara, I don't know what is going on, but I sincerely hope things are well
>with you. I really wanted this to work, but this way of communicating has
>gotten very hurtful and is no longer working for me. I am sorry. I wish you
>the best. No need to text back.*

***

The caption under the image of the text written down in Notes rather as a draft
in Messages says I am almost there.

I had decided to stop working and go to bed. I realized I had not
written today. I turned the computer back on.

Yuval was supposed to come over. I felt pressured in the morning to get
out of bed and be somewhat ready whenever I heard the knocking on my door.
I pushed back the alarm when I woke up at 9h. Perhaps I did stand up at 10h,
but I probably did not do it until 11h.

I brewed my coffee and sat down on the computer. I decided not to shower. Noon
came and went. Neither Yuval nor hunger ever knocked on my door.

Miriam texted me early asking for my address. I replied almost immediately and
we confirmed our agreed time. I showered somewhen between 15h and 16h. My hair
was still damp by the time I went out to meet Miriam who arrived punctually.

Before I showered, one of the times I absentmindedly opened instagram, a green
halo over Clara's orange-tinted picture was the first one on the row of stories
to the left of all the people I no longer care about. A quiet but strong
impulse to click on it made my hand tremble. I held it off. I got ready
instead.

I was changed on my outdoor clothes when I lied down on my bed and
intentionally opened the video. There was picture of a newspaper with Trump's
face on it. On top, half covering the headline in French: *Salut je cherche des
recommandations pour BD/roman graphics (pas sombres, pas en série)*. Below,
there was a box for answers captioned with a preemptive *Merci* and a text
heart just like the one she signed on the receipt I stole from Lola Rosa.

I thought back to my own favourite graphic novels—probably trying to hunt down
a reason that I could use as an excuse to reach back. Most of the books I like
are dark. I could not think of a single one which could fill her criteria.
Years ago, when I met *, we went somewhere on Saint-Henri, or perhaps Verdun,
for brunch. She studied or taught English literaure, so I asked her for
a recommendation. She mentioned *Fun Home*, from the queer artist Alice Bechdel
famous for her eponymous movie test. I bought it and read it. I went to my
living room and looked for it, as if I were considering sending a picture
rather than its name.

I sent nothing and left to the pastry place with Miriam.

We sat down and ate our desserts. We continued there the small-talk that had
started in her car after she picked me up. We talked about our jobs, my plans
for the future. Half-way through our friends' date, I brought up, as a fun
fact, how I have started being vegetarian. We talked about how that is going
for me. I hopped around the details of my motivations behind it. When
I mentioned going out with two people who were vegetarian or vegan, she asked
if one of them was *The French One*.

By the end, I did end up giving her a brief summary of how my 3-4 month
*whatever* had come to a practical end. Like Majo, she suggested me to end
things. She explained how, as a society, we have fallen to the bad habit of
self-censoring our emotions with therapy talk and the pretense of being
emotionally intelligent.

"*A veces un chinga tu madre es bien merecido y hasta necesario.*"

Unlike María, close to the end of our conversation, she asked me if I was going
to text her, sincerely curious of my answer, aware that I would probably opt
for ignoring advice and doing something else entirely.

When I sent the draft to Majo, she texted back an old poem we had talked about
before:

>**Orpheus and Eurydicus**
>
>Every day I send you an e-mail, in it I write\
>my news, every time I end with a request: if
>
>you're there and you're well,\
>don't write back.

### Thursday, March 13th, 2025

>Sometimes the thought of skipping my meds flirts  with me. It's mornings like
>this, when I somehow do not need to sleep. The sun rises and I welcome
>it—still tireless. I get up from my unused bed. It feels like nothing can go
>wrong now. The world is safe. It's mine alone. I fear nothing. I can do
>anything. I don't need anyone.

***

It happened again. This time, although the energy is still here now almost 36h
of no sleep, the euphoria vanished much much quicker.

I don't remember how it was, how it was started. Last week—was it just last
week?—it was after coming back from dinning with Majo when I was reluctant to
return to an empty house. I went to bed without realizing I had skipped a dose.
By the time I remembered it was already 3h and I feared that taking it so
late would make it impossible to get up early. I have narrated already
how my mood changed abruptly as the night came and left. I don't
believe last night was like that.

I filled back my Instagram; I picked only some of the pictures I had—perhaps
forehandedly—securely saved away in the archive rather than delete them.
I changed my name and profile picture. Was that an incoscious way of making my
profile irrecognazible to careless viewers?

I turned on the computer and reopened the closed windows Brave. There were
a couple tabs of the asofterworld webcomic.

>I used to say I missed you after just a weekend,\
>like a child learning to talk,\
>who calls every cat a tiger.

That was not the first one I sent Majo. I thought back to this comic after
I shared with her an old dream I had when I was a teenager.

>Sofélia > `una vez sí soñé, que mi papá nos avisaba en la mesa, a la cena, que
>esa noche iba a morir, que en unas horas tenía que salir por esa puerta y no
>volvería nunca. Y yo me paraba y le rogaba que no se fuera.`

We have had this conversation before. I cannot imagine grieving the death of my
parents. Last night I added how I only dream about my dog dying.

>Sofélia > `Me desmorono y me caigo al piso. Se me van las fuerzas de las
>piernas y no puedo dejar de llorar.`

That is how I thought back to asofterworld. I remembered an old favourite of
mine:

>I have this dream where my sister is taking my picture\
>and I keep saying don't go on the plane\
>and she says say cheese.

I have lost count by now of the times that I have desperately sobbed today.

The first story I posted on instagram was short and precise.

>Lista para irme.
>
>Y volví.

Two hours later, I posted another webcomic:

>I meant to suicide\
>but the warm water was your voice\
>and I touched myself instead.

Finally, two hours later, I posted the third and last one. This was reserved to
the only selected two dozen of people whom I did not mind knowing about my
diagnosis.

How aware was I of the underlying intention of having evidence that Clara is
still aware of my existence? Was I unconsciouly recreating the circumstances
last week that could have led her to reach back?

Majo seemed to think so.

I left my apartment before the sun rose. I was one of the first people to
arrive to the BIC. I texted Majo much earlier than when we usually talk.
I bluffed saying I was considering blocking Clara. She called me on it, as
anyone who has gotten to know me by now would.

I worked by myself in calm silence for a couple of hours before Neda opened the
door startling me. On the open Instagram website I have in another window
I just checked that Neda had not seen my story a couple of hours old by then.
She is not aware I have not slept at all.

Alda reached out. She did see the story—she was the only one who reacted to it.

No, that is not true. Misael reached out, too. He sent me a link to a song he
was reminded of when he read me.

Alda asked me if I wanted to do something. I met with her after my meeting with
Louis. I think of how the chaos was starting to unsettle inside of me as I walked to Eaton. But as I write this now, I remember it just as well on my morning
walk to the metro.

At this exact moment, the clock marks 36h of being awake. I will go to bed.

But I will not take tonight's pill.

### Friday, March 14th, 2025

"Desperté con ganas del sabor del café de baristello  "Pero casi lo tenía en la
boca"

"por favor no me vuelvas a escribir/decir de venir"   I do not think I have
ever felt like this before. I have felt high with euphoria and full of energy;
intoxicated by sexual desire and blinded by irrational impulsivity, driven only
by whatever is it that I crave at the moment. I have felt weighted down by
voidness and dread, drained almost entirely of any motivation, energy, or will.
This, whatever this is that has been happening these last weeks is something
else entirely. I am overwhelmed by emotion, by a energy that pushes me from
within but drives me nowhere. Aimless impulses and chaos. Sleepless nights
where I draft messages that I do not want to send, where I think back of
half-remembered memories whose nostalgia is no longer just bitter but
poisonous. I get out of my barely used bed, leave my apartment without turning
off the lights to an even darker outside. The walk towards the metro is
lonesome, there is nobody to see the mixture of emotions that contort my face
into a painful frown. Every step over the damp sidewalks framed by the melting
ice, feels intentful and strong. Am I going somewhere or going aware from
something?

Why have these days I felt this strange need to be outside my house—my space
and my own thoughts? Why do I keep coming out to places like this one, noisy
cafés or full libraries where there are people around me—but not with me?

I told Miriam that being vegetarian had not come with any particular
difficulties. Not only had I not felt the need for meat, but I seemed to lack
any desire or craving for it. Is it just meat that I do not seem to want? That
day we met my only meal for the full day was the bread cone dessert filled with
peanut butter. Yesterday, while it was one of the only handful of times that
I have prepared lunch to take with me to the office, that pita sandwich was
only one of two barely meals for the full day.

Last night I felt the full weight of my lack of sleep. I let myself fall down
exhausted physically and emotionally into my undersized black couch, my legs
throbbing in pain and my lungs felt full of sand rather than air; every breath
hard, sharp and corrosive. Were the overdsaturated thoughts or the deafining
emotions that dragged me to unrestrained sobbing.

Just last hour, as I started writing on the first portion of this entry,
I cared little about the stream of tears that dampened my cheeks as I am
sitting here in the middle of anonymous strangers. I think back to when I was
little, every other person seemed bigger, intimidating. When I first
transitioned, everyone around me felt foreign by their normativity, their lack
of need of transgress anything, which resulted in a dissimilar but parallel
intimidation. When was it that I have outgrown both of these abstract borders
between me and others?

Most of the changes I have been experiencing these past few weeks related to my
hormones, other than the objective undeniable ones, must be psychosomatic. The
familiar yet old soreness and sensibility on my breasts, the thinner and barely
parceptible fairer skin on my skin, these uncontrollable and disorienting mood
swings.

I sent to Majo a screenshot of an article I found online titled Clinical
characteristics of women with reproductive cycle–associated bipolar disorder
symptoms.

"Sounds like me once a month"

"creo que he llorado mas esta semana que los ultimos 5 años"

"Yeap  "Ahora todo eso con bipolar disorder"Ya sin bipolar es difícil"

This morning, after I got out of bed finally around noon and interrupted my
breakfast cooking for a quick errand for coffee when I realized that I had only
7.5g of left, I asked her if she could text me whenever I could join her at the
RI. At first she replied affirmatively, almost absentmindedly. I cannot
remember if I had already showered. If it was after I had brewed my coffee,
then I must have changed since I had gone outside to the real world. She
reached back and told me how Shubbendrah had invited her to an indian religious
thing in the afternoon. I feared she was going to cancel on our meeting this
evening. Last night, when I thought about it, I considered the idea of asking
her to hug me, and fantasized how would it be to let myself cry out in the
company of a friend rather than hugged only by the dimmed two-out-of-three led
lamps in my empty apartment. She continued saying that she felt tired due to
PMSing. I finally dared to ask her if she wanted to postpone. She said no.

### Saturday, March 15th, 2025

"ayer soñé que mi perra hablaba, se veía más vieja y caminaba muy lento, venía
conmigo y se acostaba en el piso, la abrazaba y me decía, 'es hora. tienes que
dejarme ir.'  "y empezaba a llorar y le decía que no, hasta que empezaba
a gritar."   This might be one of the hardest times to write these daily words.
Not because anything has happened, but because of the struggle that it was to
be able to gather the energy necessary to push me up and come sit down.

Why do I keep crying? Where did I keep all of these tears inside my body? How
have my eyes not dried up by now—how come I have not yet dehydrated?

Two nights ago I opened up Hinge and there was a newborn match in there. The
picture I had chosen to like her profile was of her squatting on the floor of
her bedroom, wearing different unmatching pieces of clothing. In her bio
details, it said she was a writer. I made a comment about being up so late
during a school night and asked it that was a writer's schedule.

She replied back in a couple of minutes, continuing the conversation. I shared
how I had not slept for around 36h, and was having trouble getting back to
sleep. We talked a little about sleep depravation and writing. My last message
was asking about her writing.

The next day, at around 14h, when I opened up the application, her profile was
gone.

Yesterday, in the afternoon, Majo asked me if I wanted to meet her in the RI
after all. She had come back from Shu's religious event due to pending
unfinished report she had to send. I took the rest of the orange line and sat
in her office continuing reading the pink book.

We did not have dinner in the hospital this time. We went to buy cookies from
the place that I liked. We got two hot and chewy lemon kisses straight out of
the oven. The plan then was to go get falafel and coffee af café olympico. By
the time we got off the metro and were walking towards Falafel Yoni, I proposed
instead to take the 55 bus and have our coffee at Ouis mais non.

When we passed by the entrance of the café, Majo proposed instead to skip it
altogether and just come watch the movie. We passed by the depanneur, but they
did not have thai teas. I bought two cans of spiked lemonaded and iced tea.
I was nervous that she would dislike this sequel fond to me, just as she hated
the first one. I was curious, how much it would hit me this time that I have
been crying much much easily.

After the film ended, we continued watching music videos on YouTube until
around the time she had to leave to take the last metro of the green line to
get home.

I took my pill last night. After midnight I chose and edited some photographs
from two of the latest rolls of film I developed. I asked chatgpt to ranked
them and help me choose the one that I could post online. There were two
similar shots, black and white, from statues by the shore of the beach in my
hometown. Those were it favourites.

This morning I woke up warm, soaked in the moistness and stench of my sweat.
I had no energy to get off from under the covers.

Yuval texted me, apologizing for the text of yesterday that was actually not
adressed at me at all. He asked me if I would be home either today or tomorrow.
I pushed it to tomorrow depsite my staying in all day.

Eventually I did shower and even washed my two sets of sheets.

I had cooked food from yesterday's breakfast. I ordered pizza, not vegetarian.
I had a slice and  a half. By the last bites, the taste of the meat disgusted
me a little.

Around noon I posted a story with a small sondage, asking people to choose
their pick from the two B&W shots. I was surprised by some people actually
answering, including Max, from South Africa, Monica Garza, and Clara.

I posted a coloured photo from Xochimilco of a vendor holding up a blanket with
an axolotl. Not many people noticed or acknowledged it.

Clara herself posted two stories, one public and another restricted. She was
shooting somewhere in Ontario, surrounded by dogs. I remembered her mentioning
travelling somewhere for a shot of her brother's friend or boss. Later she
posted a set of scans from the half-frame camera she found in her attic back in
France. I click the like button on both her second story and the post, as if
I were signing my name in a visitor's log book.

I am not sure if it was before or after that—probably after, but yet again
I cannot recall how much after, I went to our conversation and deleted the
message in French recommending her the book.

### Sunday, March 16th, 2025

Can you come over? I want to hurt myself.   What is going on? Why am I hurting
this much?

I remained in bed well past noon. My phone was always at reach in case
I received a call or a text message. I drafted a text asking Yuval to let me
know a couple of minutes before his arrival in order to be ready to receive
him. I wrote somewhere in there that I was not feeling well and I remained in
bed. That first message was never sent. Later he did text that he would be
coming soon; he asked if I would be available to receive him. I lied saying
I was feeling a little sick and would remained in pjs, but I would stay home
all day. He was kind enough to give me a head start by anouncing his ETA of 15
minutes.

He knocked on my door. He came inside, just like Didier had done last year. He
did not made en effort, even subtly, to look around at the state of the place.
He gave me the notice to sign where it informs me that the rent will go up 55
CAD. It's a reasonable rent increase that makes my decision to leave or stay
even harder.

I went back to bed. It is impossible to know how many of those hours did I pass
asleep and how many I spent crying.

That is not entirely true. I heated another slice of pizza and half of the
fries that were left. Again, I felt disgusted by the taste of the meat. I might
throw away the last cold slice. I tried watching an episode of White Lotus.
I gave up around the second third.

I watched Clara's stories from last night doing the shooting at the pet place.
I took a screencapture of the second one on which she pets the dog and then
pans the camera towards her and you see her twitching her face in a contorted
smile. I thought I was the only one who had the habit of smiling downwards.

Sonny is waiting for me. Yesterday we were looking into the flights for her to
come. The most viable option is for her to fly the night of the Tamino concert.
She proposed staying until the end of May. I froze by the idea of it. Every
single time she has come and stayed with me, I have wished her stay were
longer. Every single day of her departure, when it finally arrives, I wish to
push it away further. Why now did I hesitated about it?

I told Majo about it yesterday. I said I had no idea about what it was, and
then shortly after I corrected myself. I did know, I was just aware of how
stupid the idea was.

"que con sonny aquí, no vería a clara, más que eso, no podría venir aquí"

María laughed at the idea. I asked her not to, and then confessed that it was
something that hurt me.

"Wey es que no tiene sentido  "O sea, si Clara regresa, se pueden ver en otro
lado  Aunque ya sabes que yo pienso que no va a regresar"

Last night we did not buy the tickets. I went to bed, and then at night Sonny
did. She asked me if today we could do it. I half-remember her saying something
about late afternoon or evening. It might have been around when I was eating,
before I returned to hide under the sheets.

Around 21h, I put on a pair of pants and a hoodie. I slipped my feet on my
boots and headed outside to the depanneur. I wanted to get something to drink.
I thought about a can of thai tea, but was well aware that I would end up
looking for something with alcohol. Fortunately I had forgotten all about the
bottle of champagne that is in my fridge.

I ended up getting a bottle of ginger beer and a can of extra strong beer.
I opened up the latter. It tastes like shit, but I kept drinking it.

I deleted all of the unseen messages in both Clara's and Paty's conversations.
I have no idea whether they would notice or not. There is a slight worry that
the former will see this gesture as a way of signaling I want nothing to do
with her anymore. Ironically, I thought about reaching out to the latter to
both inform her I was back on instagram, and that the silence from her was
hurtful.

I did not do it. I probably won't.

There is an unwrapped razor blade next to my half-drunk can of holland extra
beer.

Maybe, maybe I should ask Majo to come. I know she would. Maybe.

### Tuesday, March 18th, 2025

Last time I heard from her she said: Hey, miss you too. Rather than questioning
its truth, I noticed the two blank spaces. Were they just an extra touch born
of impatience? Or evidence of a removed pet name perhaps deemed too intimate?
Maybe it was the mark left after returning to intentionally drop the “I”—a
quiet self-extraction, a protection in impersonality. In any case, a subtle
deletion hinting at a part of us erased.  In that small pause, I imagined all
the things left unsaid—the overthinking that stifled a confession, the quiet
guilt of not daring to be fully honest.   Those were two spaces, but they were
not empty; they echoed with the possibility of something more, a vulnerability
that lingered in what was not said.   I have not felt well these past few
weeks. Today, I feel sick.

Most of my weekend I spent it in bed. Yesterday, I kept waking up and looking
to the phone, refreshing the inbox of my work email, parsing through the unread
messages and the work-related electronic leaflets and brochures that slip
through outlook's junk filter. I searched Louis' or Daniel's name. Eventually,
some time before noon, I found what I was looking for, a reminder that there
was no lab meeting this week. I turned down my phone next to my bed, and went
back to hide from reality.

I do not know at what time I got out of bed. I do not remember if I did any
work at all—my best guess is that I did not. I am sitting down on the black
couch with the lights dimmed, I just tried to put down the latest events into
my agenda. I wished I could have gone back to read yesterday's entry to remind
myself of what happened yesterday. Majo should arrive any minute now.

I cooked, maybe. I definitely reheated and had the last slice of pizza, and
confirmed for a third time, the off-putting new foul flavour of meat. I cried,
for sure. But how many times this day?

Should I write down that I am crying right now as I am finishing this
paragraph? Do I want to remember this?

I edited more pictures and wanted to post something on instagram. I craved that
artificial sense of companionship, of not-loneliness, that comes from saying
something and pretend that people see it and pay attention to it.

Yesterday, since when I confirmed I could self-extract myself out the day as
I read Louis—or perhaps Daniel's—email, I was aware that it was going to be an
uneventful day. The main events were going to be today, my session with
Fabiola, and tomorrow, the one with Dr. Franck.

I think it was Majo who related what has been happening—within me, outside
nothing at all has happened—with Clara to obsession. Has it crossed that line
by now? It is compulsive how I review the people who have seen my story looking
for her name. It is compulsive how I have imprinted in my work-memory the
finger movements I need to open her profile and check if I remain in the list
of exclusive people allowed to see her reserved images.

I thought about posting about her last message. Aggresively forcing her out of
her silence, by calling her out publicly, like I would have done three years
ago with Kate. Unlike that time, I felt disgusted by my own impulse and saved
the image to my own private library. Instead, I first posted asofterworld
comic.

I hate putting my desire into words when my body knows exactly what to say.
Come home.

That was not enough. The second one was the second or third picture in one of
the negatives she has. It is the picture I took of a rainbow parasol covering
the sunset in Zona Rosa as I was searching for Paty, mere moments before
finding her by the opposite corner of the street. At the bottom of the
photograph, in Spanish and as a footnote, I added: la última vez que nos
habíamos visto, nos tomamos de las manos, nos miramos fijo a los ojos, y no me
atreví a besarla.

I went to bed and neither Clara nor Paty had seen them. I ignore which of them
was whom I intended more consciously to see and notice it. Both of them appear
now in the list of expectators about to disappear by tomorrow. I have forgotten
by around what time they appear or who was first. After I saw them, the world
continued being exactly the same.  "Hasta yo me siento frustrada; no tengo el
número de ninguna de tus amigas, excepto el de Sonny. ¿Está bien si contacto
a Sonny?"

Therapists are obligated to keep clinical confidentiality of their patients,
unless a specific handful of exceptions regarding legality, abuse, or risk of
harm. I guess today I reached that point.

Like the weekend before it, I spent most of Monday in bed. Despite this,
I could not wake up with plenty of time in the morning before my session with
Fabiola. The last of the alarms I postponed was for 11h. I remained in bed
around 15 minutes afterwards before I finally got up and grabbed a tshirt and
pair of underwear to change after the shower.

I had not showered since Friday. The smell of my sheets is probably foul
despite me not being able to notice. I do not know if Majo will want to sleep
with me on the same bed. I should remember to offer to change the sheets. Last
thing I heard of her was almost two hours ago when she told me she would go to
hers before coming here.

"esta bien  "no me voy dormir"

I managed to put shampoo on my hair, maybe even start with the conditioner,
when I was ambushed by that familiar sense of malaise that I have learned to be
weary of in the shower. It has been so many years since the last time I was
visited by it, that I got cocky and let my guard down. I rested for a while on
the wall before continuing to rinse my hair under the warm water. Then I felt
it coming as I had the soap in my hand. I have a vague memory of being
half-aware of my own body, as if I were to see it from above, witnessing myself
as the victim. I was on the floor, under the water still, jerking my arm and my
leg. As I was half-aware of my body, I was also half-aware of my glitching
mind, caught itself in an unresponsive loop.

When I came back to myself, I could still perceive the rancid aroma from my
unwashed body. I did as best as I could, to push through my affected state to
lather and rinse myself. This time I was astute enough to pull down the level
to make the water ice cold and try to shock myself into full consciousness.

There was no towel hung on the door. I have not showered since the weekend that
I did laundry. Soaking wet and naked, I stepped outside to my room to grab it
from the hamper that still holds my very dried clothes. I went back to the
bathroom and sat down on the toilet, half-wrapped in the towel and still
dripping. I stayed there, trying to control my breathing, until my body
returned to a more familiar state of normalcy.

I managed to get out the bathroom with just enough time to brew a cup of coffee
and sit down to welcome Fabiola punctually to our session.

When she started our session by asking me how have I been doing, how could
I have done anything other than laugh as I answered her?

I texted Majo if everything was alright. She said she was on her way.

I told Fabiola that everything is bad. I have cried more this past week than
the last 4 years together. I told her of the second time in March that I have
not slept a single hour the whole night. How this time there was no
compensating euphoria, just an exaggeration of feelings and reactions. How this
time it did not come after a missed dose; I did everything right, everything
that I must do. I told her how I spent most of the weekend and the day before
in bed, and even how I was tempted to text Majo, that I kept thinking of
hurting myself. I had told her before, as I was walking back from meeting with
Alda the afternoon I did not slept, I had these repetitive intrusive thoughts
of filling a syringe with saline and inject myself over and over. Sunday these
had evolved, now I wanted to release the pressure of this whistling bottle of
emotions that I have in my chest by small and deep enough cuts between the
fading scars on my upper thighs. I unwrapped the razorblade but left it unused.
I decided not to wrap it again or throw it away. I wanted to keep it there, not
in case I wanted to use it, but as a reminder of how low I am falling. When
I got to my room, first I hesitated of taking the pill. Then, I thought about
taking two, or three, or four or five. I took just the one and I went to sleep.

Fabiola reached out to Sonny, as she asked.

I had talked with Majo before my session when I told her I had passed out and
this time I started thinking maybe it were convulsions rather than syncopes. An
hour after the session I told her how my therapist had asked me to reach out to
Sonny. She told me Sonny had asked her to be with me with my appointment
tomorrow morning. Then she confirmed the time. Finally, she asked me if she
could sleep at my house tonight.

The motivation that Fabiola shared with me was to have someone by my side when
I see a doctor, like when I talk tomorrow with the psychiatrist. She made it
sound as having someone on my side as support. It strangely feels as having
someone make sure that I do not miss a single bit of what has happened.

The texts from my mum and dad make me think that Sonny did not reach out just
to Majo.

### Thursday, March 20th, 2025

"Hello, Sofía. How have you been?"

"Not good, actually. I actually have a lot to talk about."  María came to my
house two nights ago and, since then, she has not left my side.

In the morning she was the first to wake up and get out of bed. She showered
first, I think. I must have gotten up to show her how to aim the shower head to
the wall in order to not inundate my tiny bathroom. I do not remember doing
that.

Dr Franck was as punctual as ever. I felt a sudden rush of adrenaline when the
iPad on the other end of the living room started beeping mere instants before
the small notification on the bottom right corner of my computer screen bleeped
with the Dr's face. Even after I answered the call, the iPad continued ringing,
I had to raise my finger to the waiting psychiatrist to head over there and
shut it off. I did not relax afterwards, and thus was pretty nervous when
I looked at the small legal pad where I had noted down the important things
that have happened and I ought to go over. I started my speech and explained to
him, in as much detail as I could, how I have not been well at all since the
beginning of the year.

He listened, at least more than I was expecting him to. He raised my dose, as
I had thought; he added a slow dose of clonazepam to my prescription to aid
with my sleeping, like I knew he might; he paused and proposed me to write the
paperwork for me to take a leave of absence from the program, for at least
a couple of months.

"I... I really do not want to do that," I objected. I talked about the thesis
seminar as my mind wandered further into the graduation, the postdoc, the
immigration process.

"Well, of course you would not want to. I still believe this is the best option
moving forward."

I imagined taking his advice. Buying a plane ticket and going to my parents
house, habitating that room that is no longer mine, surrounded by stuff that do
not recognize me anymore, covering myself from the cold in apathetic sheets
that have no memory of my smell. I would be warmly embraced by my family, and
enthusiastically welcomed by my dog.

What else is there in that city that halfly remembers my name? Who else would
be there to notice my return?

He sent out the new prescription and scheduled a follow-up meeting next
Wednesday at noon. I no longer can remember what else we did for the rest of
the morning. I must have showered and I think I brewed coffee and prepared
breakfast for the both of us.

Early I received the call from the pharmacy notifying me of them receiving
these updated medications. Majo proposed we would wait until they were ready to
go and pick them up. She asked me to call them back. I told her how I am signed
up to this service where I receive an sms informing me when they're ready to
pick up. I proposed to head out and in the evening I could come back to pick
them up and get some change of clothes. I must have, earlier, offered to sleep
with her at her place rather than mine.

We were on some station before Berri-UQAM when I got the text. We decided to
head back right then and push up that late part of my itinerary.

It is hard to remember what happened the rest of the day. I brought my
laptop—the X1 and not the X22 that Vlad gave me—to work on the poster and
slides which had to be uploaded before midnight tonight in Vienna. Why can
I not remember what or where did I work?

I remember being here when Houssain, Majo's labmate, came and I finally met
him. María moved some stuff around and I sat down on the leftmost desk by the
door. Some time in the evening, we said good-bye and left him here working.

I can recall us walking around in Verdun. We where somewhere else, though,
because I can also remember this sense of urgency about making it to the
pharmacy before the closing hours.

When I went to my Jean Coutu, before heading to the counter to ask for my new
meds, I sat down at the machine and took my blood pressure. It was high. Not
critically or urgently abnormal, but the ticket still labeled it as high. All
of the day before I had felt sickly, and that malaise had not yet subsided
entirely.

After saying good-bye to Houssain, we went to Thomson for an HBHL event that
Majo had to attend. I managed to register in time. They would give out food.
Nathan Sprang, the PI of Emily, Majo's argumentative friend whom I met again
recently on some table upstairs from that event was the keynote speaker. Before
I had told to Majo how I pettily abhorred anything related to HBHL. I had
applied a couple of times to their funding and been repetetively rejected.
Almost all of the people I know are fellows from their, albeit humble, grants.
I sat there and listened to people talk about their undersample and purposeless
projects. I felt irritated by hearing about using multivariate, aimless,
voxelwise analyses trying to find the correlated regions in the brains to grit,
the personsality trait related to perseverance and goal-related passion. I felt
annoyed when I saw the plots of a postdoc, presented spurious interaction
results that would definitely not survive correction for the multiple
regressions in a sample of fewer than 50 people. All of these people's projects
were deemed more usable than mine; they were deemed more fundable than me.

By the end we walked outside towards where the food was. They announced there
were wraps with chicken on the left and vegetarian ones on the right. The rest
of the stuff was also vegetarian. There were spring rolls, spanakopitas, and
the same old tray of desserts.

Earlier there, Shub was the first to join us. Then Jana came and was excited to
see us. By the time of the dinner, there was also a brazilian girl whom I had
never met and whose name was never given to me. I felt apathethic to the
advice-flavoured conversation related to her candidacy exam and her first
committee meeting.

Some of the organizers of the event or maybe someone from the staff, finally
interrupted the conversation to let us know they would be closing down the
lower floor of the club house. We took that as a sign to leave.

All of us headed to the nearest metro. Jana was surprised when I did not go her
way towards the orange line and instead headed with the rest to the group
towards Angrignon. She made no questions about it nor referred to the second
black duffel bag that I was carrying with me.

We did make it to Pharmaprix before it closed. I took my blood pressure
a second time. The values were now in the normal range. This small relief did
not bring me the calm that I was hoping it would. As a second stop before
Majo's, we went to IGA. Most of the racks were almost empty. There were signs
informing of closing's savings. The store would be dying by the end of the
week. Majo grieved the soon absence of her close supermarket for the rest of
the walk to her house.

I tried to work some more before sleeping, but did not advance much. I took my
new meds expecting to fall asleep much faster and easier. Instead, I was
frustrated and disappointed. I did end up sleeping some time after midnight
and, like expected, had much more trouble than usual to wake up and start the
day.

There was an email from Louis congratulating everyone for the Persian New
Year's and notifying us that he would be working from home and thus all of the
day's meetings would be online. I have been nervous all day not knowing what to
expect in ours. How would I start the subject? What would be his reaction?

Majo, as a host this morning, was the one who brewed the coffee and prepared
breakfast. I had no purpose of going to The Neuro anymore. Aliza had proposed
to meet at Thomson today, since she would be going to the Wellness Hub. I had
still a lot to do before being ready to upload the poster and the slides and
the deadline was threateningly close. I joined Majo to the RI again and ended
up rainchecking on Aliza again.

Louis' talk was as reasurring as it could be. He corrected how the leave of
absence in McGill was for a full-term only, but he himself, since he is the one
who pays me and not the university, has no problem with me taking one or two
months if that is what I need. He offered to talk to Edward or Sylvia, or help
me come up with alternative explanations if I do not want to disclose what is
really going on.

"I do not know how it is to hear this, but all this stress about this situation
is coming not from the university or me, but from within yourself."

I closed the meeting telling him I was still unsure and unconvinced. I proposed
to take these days to sleep on it and next week touch base again on how to move
forward.

Just as reading my blood pressure was back to normal levels last night, the
conclusion of this meeting did not give me the reassurance that anyone would
have expected it to.

### Friday, March 21st, 2025

"The difference between us is that you cannot separate agency and will from
leaving; for you, leaving is an action, planned, intentional; for me, it is
just the transition between being present and then absent."You relate more to
the person leaving and I to the one who stays."It all is that to you leaving is
an action while for me it is just an event."  This is the first time that I by
myself since Tuesday's evening. I am not sure how I am managing. A couple of
hours ago, as I got into my dark and lone apartment—for some reason, when
I left Wednesday, I decided to shut down the lights on my back as I left—I
realized I was not ready to be by myself with my own emotions and thoughts.

I placed down the small bag duffel and my backpack on the made up reception
table. I took off my boots and my light black jacket. Even in the dimmed
lights, although static, the dust bunnies seemed to my eyes to be running
around under the tables and desk. I broomed the fake wood floors before
emptying my improptu luggage and choosing the clothes that I would wear today.

In just the three hours that I stayed in my apartment, I felt uneasy and
impatient to head out and be surrounded by people, nevermined if they were
strangers. I exchanged laptops and chargers and headed outside again.

"Which would be worse, buying cigarettes or alcohol?"

"Both, Sofía."

I took Jarry St rather than the inner streets of the neighborhood. I got inside
the larger depanneur and looked behind the cashier to see if there were
cigarettes on display. There were not and thus I bought nothing.

I did not give up the impulse and passed by the metro entrances another block.
I got inside the tabagerie. A group of teenagers were shuffling suspiciously
behind one of the counters conveniently out of sight of the apathetic cashier.
If he did not care, I had no reason to do myself. I wandered around, probably
just as suspicious, looking at the stuff that was inside. Here, as well, there
were no on display boxes from which I could get an idea of what flavour of
self-destruction I was craving.

"Bonne journée," I told him casually as I left the store empty handed and
disappointed.

Last night, leaving María's office, we took the metro. In the group with my
parents that I made again, the last message from our latest exchange was my
father's. "Y hoy te quedarás con Majo o regresas a tu depa?"

I did not reply to him because I did not know the answer myself. Earlier I had
briefly touched the subject with Sonny, telling her that I did not feel ready
to be by myself, but I was also worried of Majo getting sick of my company.

Fortunately, both the connection to her green line and my station were on the
same direction. I pushed the decision until the very last moment. The humanless
voice announced the stop at Lionel-groulx and Majo stood up. She looked at me
and asked me what I was going to do. I remained silent and seated, holding
tightly the black strap of my duffel bag. The doors opened. I do not remember
if it was before or after Majo turned towards the exit that I stood resignated
and walked behind her.

We got off at De l'eglise. There were wooden stands with different kinds of
food options. It must have been an event either for the season of les cabannes
à sucre or the anniversary of Verdun. We went to Majo's place to leave our
stuff and returned to explore around.

We found nothing of interest. As the night fell more unto the streets, the
vendors started cleaning and closing. Most of the stores and restaurants had
closed as well. I started feeling hungry and remembered how Majo does not
really have dinner. I wondered about the available options.

"You know another reason why I could not move to Verdun? There are no A&Ws
nearby. Where am I going to get a vegetarian burger at 2-3h?"

Rather than go to Uniburger, the closer albeit more expensive alternative, we
went inside an indian restaurant. I got vegetarian biryani and her chana
masala. We both closed the night with chai.

This morning I woke up before Majo and took my iPad to her living room to
connect to the useless talk I registered myself about the latest changes of the
available tracks to permanent residence in Québéc.

Majo brewed coffee and prepared breakfast. We continued our debate about the
necessary of agency in the act of leaving. I posted two stories this morning on
instagram. The first one was the overly casual and funny response from ChatGPT
from my question related to another argument we had about tofu being considered
cheese or not. The second was a poll about our original argument regarding
death being considered an act of leaving.

Not more than five minutes ago, I grabbed my phone and checked if Clara had by
now seen the second story she had not. She did but, unlike the previous poll
I did about my two pictures, gave no response.

### Saturday, March 22nd, 2025

"your magnet keeps falling off my fridge; feels like a bad omenanyway j'espère
que tu vas bien"   It was not even midnight yet when I texted Sonny.

"i should be stronger"by now"idk why i'm so weak"ya estoy mareada "i tried,
i really did"i did everything wrong"

She did not see them until this afternoon. By then I had already gotten out of
bed and maybe even drunk my coffee. After María asked me to postpone the movie,
we did not continue talking. Why did I not reach out to her? Was I scared of
pushing her to come over?

The memories of yesterday are spotty. I finished writing in the library, but
working on my projects was too hard. I took my book out from the backpack.
I read a couple of chapters, but even that required a lot of effort. The idea
of leaving was screaming inside me, every time louder than the one before.

But I did not want to come home.

I put my stuff away and headed towards the exit to the metro. I rode the orange
line just a couple of stations until Laurier. The idea was to walk to Dieu du
ciel!, find a table and get myself a bowl of fries and a glass of their
strongest beer. Or two; two would be more than enough.

I got outside by the exit that was the furthest away from my destination. I did
not walk fast, I had no hurry. I approached the bar and noticed a group of
people outside, chatting and smoking. Through the windows I noticed the crowd,
but it did not register fully until I opened the door and saw the tumultous
group standing by the sign that pleaded to wait for someone to seat us.

I turned on my heels and headed back outside. I walked back through the more
familiar Laurier street this time.

It was around 17h and the last thing I had eaten was the scrambled eggs that
Majo had prepared for me before noon. I considered stopping by Chez Claudette.
Except it was not hunger the impulse that what was driving me.

I got inside the humble groseries store a couple of blocks ahead from the
restaurant. I wandered around not sure what was it that I was looking for.
I wanted something drink, but not necessarily alcoholic—not yet. I chose
a carton of chocolate-flavoured almond milk. Then I exchanged it with a less
sugary version. By then I had foreseen that I would probably end up drinking
the full liter of it. I looked around the ready-to-eat food options. I grabbed
a 4.99CAD egg-salad sandwiches. The cheerines of the cashier for some reason
filled me with guilt. What would she think were she to know I intended to hurt
myself that night? Would she stop smiling? Would she have pleaded me not to?

I ate the two small meals before I made it to the metro. The ride back home
fell short, too short; just like when you are not eager to arrive.

I got off Jarry and crossed the street towards SAQ. I knew precisely what
I want it and where it would be. My movements were surgical and precise. The
cashier, young this time, was just as smily and cheerful as the previous one.
This time I just faked a smile and tried not to think of it.

It was hard to control the urge to open the bottle and take a sip of the
cinnamony whisky on my way home. I managed not to do it, despite walking
without any rush, without any desire to get there.

I took off almost everything that was heavying my body. My mind remained
overloaded. I opened the small orange bottle and took the first sweet sip. It
did not help.

The night continued outside the apartment. I filled one of the tall glasses
with ice, a much larger quantity of whisky than I should have, and chocolate
milk. I drank from it and welcomed the taste of alcohol. I sat down on the
corner of my black couch. I do not know if I put a series that I did not watch,
or music videos that I did not listen.

The Rouen magnet fell off again behind me, making a thunderous announcement.
I went to pick it up, but rather than reposition it, I just placed it atop the
fridge.

I texted Clara precisely at 20h. I deleted it permanently from my phone after
taking a screencapture that I could go back and read in case I forgot about it.
She has not replied, of course.

Moments later, I went into Paty's conversation and told her that her silence
has been hurtful. She has still not openly read it.

I went to sophie's private instagram and clicked on the button for requesting
access to it. Instantaneously after, I threw the phone away as if it had became
scorching red. This morning, I went into the recent searches and felt a mixture
of embarrasment and relief when her name still appeared, meaning she had not
blocked me. The first time I did not want to go further and know more. Moments
later I did enter and saw the suivre button sent back to its original state by
a rejection.

I took my meds last night despite having finished the complete bottle of
whisky. This morning I might have been a bit disappointed when I did wake up
with no consequences.

### Sunday, March 23rd, 2025

"That is exactly where she wants you to be—somewhere between remembered and
forgotten.

"And you certainly don't want to be another follower in her digital graveyard
of almosts and once-weres."  Aliza is supposed to arrive any moment now. If it
had been for me I would have cancelled yet another time. She texted me early in
the morning a quarter before 10h. Her message was a mixture of confirmation and
proposal of ideas. Last night, Majo told me I could ask her to do something low
pressure, like just sitting next to each other to watch something on television
or each read a book. She must have thought similarly. Somehow I was awake and
I responded affirmatively. I told her that I would prefer something in the late
afternoon or early evening. By then, I was well aware that neither my body nor
my mind were ready to start the day. Not even the craving of freshly brewed
coffee was enough to bring me back to life.

María and I watched the third movie of the Before series. I had warned her that
it was my least favourite. She insisted, despite not particularly liking the
first one, that once started the only thing left was to finish the three of
them.

She had now a spare key to let herself in my apartment. Still, there was a text
in my phone letting me know she was outside. I took off my red and black
blanket and headed towards the door. As I opened it I saw her waiting for me in
the lobby. Then, one of my neighbors upstairs entered my field of view as she
marched down the stairs. Suddenly, I was aware I was not wearing any pants.
I closed the door in front of me heading to the pile of clothes laying down the
floor of my bedroom. I grabbed and put on a pair of shorts to go welcome María.

I showed her how to work the lock. The particular dance necessary with the key
to convince the door to let you in. A secret handshake that has become second
nature for myself.

Aliza just texted me that she is at Jarry and will be joining me soon. Am
I intending to finish these before her arrival in around 10 minutes? She
offered that we could just sit down and do nothing, talk about nothing. Why
does writing my thoughts and feelings next to her feels different than telling
them to her outloud?

Both María and I kept looking at our phones as 40-year-olds Julie and Ethan
were arguing in Greece. I do not know if she wanted to leave. The thought about
her feeling sick of my company after all this time together was hard to
dismiss. All morning I felt hesitant to ask her if she still wanted to do the
movie plans she had postponed the day before due to her period—or was it her
headache?

The last three times she has come to watch a movie, she has stayed until the
very last moment that would allow her to take the last metro back home. At
10h30, she shared outloud that she had planned to leave at precisely that time,
but she would leave at 11h.

The last time I stood up from the couch to go to the toilette, I discreetly
went to my desktop and grabbed the unwrapped razorblade from the night before.
I took it with me to the restroom. After I peed and washed my hands, I put it
inside the opened packet and then put that into the larger box that still holds
around 45 more. I joined Majo and softly asked her to take them with her. I do
not remember if she made any comment other than nod and put the potentially
dangerous box into her bag.

By midnight I was again alone with my own company, surrounded by quiet but
overbearing thoughts and hollow and elusive emotions.

Aliza just arrived.

I’ve written before about compulsively opening instagram and going into Clara’s
profile to see whether I was still allowed to see her close-friend’s restricted
stories. This time I opened up the conversations window and scrolled down
looking for the orange-tinted picture. In its place there was grey silhouette
next to her name. Something dropped inside my chest. I put my finger on it to
open the almost 24h old story I had seen of her and whom I assumed was
a workmate posing with vegetarian hot-dogs. In its place there was a cold
robotic sentence informing me the story was no longer available. I went further
in and opened her profile. It was as if I had entered a recently evacuated
house: no furniture, no decorations, almost no signs of everyone ever living
there except subtle remnants that snitched a recent evacuation.

“No,” I softly exclaimed to the night, begging as if there were anything that
could be done.

After weeks, months, of doubt and uncertain grieving I had my answer. She had
blocked me. She had read my text, my once again attempt to reach out to her,
reminding her of myself, of us, and what she was doing to me in not
acknowledging it. And she had decided to finally, directly and effectively,
shut me out of her life. She closed the door in my face.

In the mixture of emotions that I was experiencing, I recognized the pain, but
I could not find the closure or relief that I was expecting from having
a response.

For 15 minutes I searched for them, until I realized that it was not just me
who was kept out, but rather the whole world. She had deactivated her account.

20 minutes ago, I did the same thing.

### Monday, March 24th, 2025

"hi Sofia, How goes? do you need anything from me?-Louis"

I had to pause the writing and lie down on the floor. My left breast screamed
in pain, probably for the recently appropriate dose of estrogen that I have
been lacking through neglectful care. I was blind and uncommunicated. No way
for reaching out. I could not see a couple inches away from my nose. Two times,
for two different reasons, I threw away first my glasses and then my phone.
I did not care about the idea of any of them breaking. Any of those would have
caused significant issues in my life.

I got both back. It was just a temper-tantrum of an immaturely emotional state
of being.

I can see now. I can reach out and answer back to all the messages that
I purposefully ignored. Clara has ignored me for around a month now, why
couldn't I just take one day off from the people that care of me as much as
I cared for her?

I do not even remember if I tried or not to set up an alarm to get up and go to
the Neuro meeting this afternoon. I cannot remember how hard it was to fall
asleep. I have all of my pills for the next couple of days spread out on my
night table. My bedroom is tinted of chaos. My dirty clothes spread out on the
floor echoing my psychiatric meds.

I made no effort to get in. There was an email—which I saw—that notified of the
lab meeting to talk about Neda and someone else's projects advances. I decided
to remain in bed. As if I could pause life from moving on.

Although it would be easy to check, I do not know at what time Louis reached
out specifically to me, asking me how he could aid me. This meeting would be
the second thing that I have missed. In three years since I have been
diagnosed, I have managed to keep my personal afflictions separate from my work
responsabilities. I do not know what is it about this time that it is so much
more difficult.

I have been fine. For decades I dealt with numerous issues without anyone
noticing. I was best of everything, I successed on anything that I put my hands
on despite the hell that I had to overcome. Why is it so much different this
time?

This is not the first stranger woman that I have developed unwarranted feelings
for. Why am I now on such a notably clinically nosedive into a crisis?

I could check, but I do not want to. I will just resignate to say that I do not
know at what time I replied to Lous email, confessionally sharing that these
past few days have been rough. I acknowledged that I would reach out to him to
talk about, whatever it is that is going on right now after I meet with my
psychiatrist in a couple of days. He did not answert, but there was nothing
left for him to say.

In this early afternoon, everyone has reached out. I have purposefully ignored
the group chats. I dismissed the messages from Sonny and Majo separately. The
first one casually asked how I was doing, and then followed up herself by
sharing that Aliza, whom I saw yesterday at the café, had mentioned she had
seen me alright. The former one tried again calling me several times. I assumed
it was their last try before reaching out to the rest of the network,
triggering the contingency plan of Aliza or Majo coming over to see I have not
tried to kill myself.

Would I? Be capable of putting an end to this? I think my fear of ceasing to
exist and think is uncountably larger than my will to end things.

I did not get out of bed before 14h. I had no will nor purpose to get up.
I thought about coming to my desk and continuing working. There is the deadline
to return the book that I have not finished to the library, together with the
fees of a late return. No matter the cost, it was not enought to make me pick
up the book and continuing reading.

I knew I had still half of a tupperware left of rice and beans I could mix with
one or two eggs and fried plant-based sausages. But I felt no hunger. I felt no
craving to fulfill my body for its own survival needs.

As the number of conversations that I kept ignoring rose, I decided to get up
and put on pants. I headed out of my dimmed apartment and headed first to the
SAQ where I bought a bottle of alcohol and then to la fruiterie where I got
some of the ingredients needed to make another vegetarian dish that would be
enought for me to feed on for another week.

There was an offer on DoorDash to get myself a significant discount on
a falafel pita with fries. It was hard to justify the extra spending after
buying the groceries. In the end, rather than ordering comfort takeout or
gathering the will to cook a new plate or even just reheating the food that is
already ready and will probably spoil soon, I just filled, more than warranted
, a glass of vodka and chocolate soy milk. I threw away first my glasses and
then my phone. I am not sure, but it feels right, that I refilled half- blind
my tall glass with the second third of vodka that I bought with the iced lemon
tea that María brought a couple of days ago. It is not finished yet. I do not
think it will be the last one.

I look inside myself, but I cannot find any will to reach out asking for help.
I know I will survive the night. Even if I dare to take both quetiapine and
clonazepam doses for the next two nights, I know they won't be lethal. I do not
want anyone to come check up on me. I will survive. Sometimes, I feel like it
is necessary for me to feel all of this pain by myself.

### Tuesday, March 25th, 2025

"No; what did I do? Fuck. FUCK!"  The number of unopened messages in my phone
keeps rising. Why am I doing this? My mum, Fabiola, Alda, Sonny. Reza. Myriam.

I was going to write unread, but that is not entirely true. I have read the
messages. I know what most of them say, their intention, their purpose. What is
it that is driving me to do to the people that love and care of me precisely
what has been done to me and hurt me.

What else is there to narrate about last night? It is in there how I decided,
again, to over-drink. Did I tell anyone this time? Could it be counted as
a not-so-subtle cry for help?

I definitely did not tell anyone—did I even write it?—how I went into my shower
and took off the—forgotten or purposely ignored?—razorblade inside my pink
double-edge safety shaving razor. I brought it with me to the desk. I even grab
a small antiseptic alcohol wipe and gentle glided it, almost as a caress, over
the differently-faded scars of other times I have hit rock bottom.

I did not cut myself. I did not finish the bottle. I half-remember getting
outside my bedroom in the morning and noticing still some watered-down
makeshift spiked chocolate milk. No, the second time I filled my glass I used
lemon iced-tea. Did I throw it away on the kitchen sink? Did I drink it before
brewing my coffee? Is my mind making all this up?

After midnight I decided to order two vegetarian burgers. I received them after
1h. I ate both of them as I did not pay attention to the first episode of
Severance. I cannot remember if I was still drinking by then. I cannot remember
either how much before I took my pills—the correct dose.

Just like Friday, there were no significant consequences of my impulsive
self-destructive behaviour. I did not puke; I had no hangover whatsoever; no
pains nor black-outs—just this hollow felling of shame and regret, the
realization that I am validating the reasoning behind the creation of a  secret
group-chat behind my back titled Now what? born to exchange notes about my
mental (not-) well-being.

I had an alarm set at 10h30. I set it with the intention of showering before my
session with Fabiola at noon. Like many other weeks before, I cancelled it and
pushed it until the very last minute. I got out of bed 15 minutes before our
appointment. I did not even wet nor tamed my curls. I put on an oversized red
long-sleeved t-shirt over the black tank-top I slept in. I used the little time
I had to brew myself coffee for the first time in almost a full week.

I told Fabiola how right after our last session I was not left on my own for
half of the week. I narrated to her the moment in the metro after María had
asked me what I wanted to do and I could not dare answer; how I remained
seated, paralyzed, both mentally and physically, until the very last moment
before the doors closed behind me and I rejoined María for the last time
I would be spending at her house.

I hesitated but ended up telling her both about the night of drinking before,
and the one that shortly preceded it the very first night that I was left alone
on my own devices. Why did I not talk about my difficulty with asking for help?
With receiving it.

There is something unnamed in me that keeps me from opening the conversation
with Majo and look up the message I half-remember on which I confess to her how
I am afraid that she is going to leave me too.

I remember months ago, walking on one of the many streets framed by Montreal's
characteristic duplex buildings, how she told me she feels pressured when she
is over-aware the moment she realizes she has become indispensable; when she
feels weighed down by the chains that trap her in an unescapable relationship.
Perhaps it is that thought that kept me from asking her to stay, to not go, the
Saturday she came to watch the last movie.

I do not remember if it was yesterday or some other time during the weekend
when I reached out to Myriam, asking her if she was back from Chicago. I had
forgotten all about until this morning right before I was about to shower and
my phone vibrated with her reaching back. Did Clara feel something like this
when she last replied to my i miss you plead, and I continued the conversation?
Was this same sense of dread and regret of pushing forward a relationship that
we are well aware will not lead to anywhere. Am I potentially playing with
Myriam's attention just as Clara did with mine?

A couple of hours ago Reza reached out. My absence is being noted by the rest
of the lab besides Louis. We missed you here, is everything alright? Neda and
Mohammedreza perhaps noted how I had deactivated instagram, once again yet this
time unannounced. Have they shared notes parallelly to the Now what? group
baptized by Aliza?

Did you get better? , his message ends.

Or am I getting worse?

### Thursday, March 27th, 2025

"You know how in the movies or television in psychiatric hospitals they always
show their patients all calmed down and drowsy from their meds, like just
sitting around colouring and drooling. Yeah, it's for a reason."  Yesterday
I had my appointment with Dr Franck. It was not early, like usual. I had plenty
of time to remain in bed. I cannot remember if I did. I have the memory of
cooking breakfast. I think it was of today instead, I cut some tomatoes and red
onion with some jalapeño. I had only one tortilla left. What happened then the
first half of yesterday?

The psychiatrist was as punctual as always. I was sitting down on my
computer—working? What else would I have been doing? This meeting did not have
to be as long and thorough as the previous one with María by my side. I was
just honest. I have not been feeling better; but I was not being worse either.
That was not enough for him. The clonazepam was not really working, it did not
help me falling asleep and just made it harder to get up in the morning. With
that extra bit of data, he had heard enough for a clinical conclusion. He
increased yet again the seroquel to 400mg. I am now taking double what I was by
the beginning of the month. He concluded outloud, perhaps only to himself, how
clonazepam is not that effective for sleeping. He asked me about Dayvigo.
I recognized the medication but I honestly could not remember how effective it
was. He prescribed me something different. I have read the name multiple times
but not cared enough for recalling it.

The rest of the day was uneventful.

Was that why I decided not to write?

I did not wait for the pharmacist to call me. In the early afternoon I dialed
up and, for some reason, pressed the number for services in French. I followed
up the instructions to reach the counter of the pharmacist. I asked about my
doctor having sent a prescription. The woman on the other end asked me for my
date of birth. After I mixed up and mentioned the month first like in English,
she corrected herself and asked for my phone number. When I gave him the
correct information, she told me she had not received anything from my doctor.
She asked me something that I quite not understood. I apologized and confessed
my insufficient mastery of the language. She apologized and corrected herself
again saying they indeed had received the new prescription. She confirmed with
me that I wanted them to prepare it for me and asked me if passing in three
hours would work for me. I answered affirmatively and we ended the call.

I did not shower and just grabbed a blue long-sleeved t-shirt and brown pair of
pants from the pile of dirty clothes that is growing on the floor of my bedroom
like moss. Both I have worn before. I did not care enough to check if they
smelled before I put them on.

I honestly do not remember, but I probably cried either walking to the pharmacy
or coming back. It was on the way back that I stopped at Tsikinis to get myself
a carton of oat milk. This time I did not think about stopping at SAQ. Just now
am I remembering about the almost empty of vodka that remains in my freezer.
I cannot say why exactly I am not tempted by the idea of finishing it.

When was it that I cooked the lentils? It must have been a couple of days ago.

I answered back to Reza's text. That was not today so it must have been
yesterday. I cannot remember what I said nor if he replied back.

Myriam has kept texting since replying to my message reaching out after her
trip to Chicago. She brought up the idea of asking me out that same day
mentioning she had been free. I did like often Clara would and said that the
idea sounded nice, but unfortunately it would not work out. She has not brought
the idea back again. My replying, while not reaching days-long retardation, has
been particularly late.

I remembered about Sarah and how the two weeks of her trip to South Korea must
have ended by now. I texted her something more than a week away that remained
unacknowledged. I considered the idea that she has gotten enough of me, but
when I went back to her conversation, I read how she mentioned seeing me after
her return in the same message she informed me about her upcoming departure. Do
I wanna see her?

Early last night I gave up on the day and took the pills eager to find out
their efficacy for kicking me out. They worked marvelously. Like the pharmacist
informed me—in a French-accented English after confirming with me that it would
work better for me—I started feeling its effects after maybe a half-an-hour.
I thought about last night when I decided not to take them before finishing
these words.

I did pause and stood up for a drink. Chocolate almond milk rather than vodka.

It is weird having these mixed feelings of sickly melancholy with the bright
sprouts of moody improvement. I think about going back to try to fix the
half-35. I think of the idea of going back to this journal and give it another
go to the idea of building a novel out of these snapshots. But then it comes
back, the clinical darkness and void. What is the point of fixing a camera if
I have nowhere to share the pictures? Why would I write about these anonymous
women who after meeting me decided I was not enough if not even them cared
about me? What makes me think my thoughts and emotions could interest anyone
other than my future self?

Alda shared with me her brother in law's Crave password. I am now sitting down
not-watching The Leftovers. I remember watching it once and concluding it was
one of my favourite television series.

Why now, more than ever when I feel like my life lacks value and worth do
I feel the urge to share its details with other people?

I did eat breakfast today, but it was not before my meeting with Louis. Going
to bed early made it easier to wake up just as early. In the morning I smelled
myself again. I must have not showered in the past few days. Like the abandoned
clothes, I have not washed my sheets since Majo slept with me the past week.
Tomorrow, if I do end up leaving the house, I should pass by an ATM and get
some cash to start hunting for more 1-dollar laundry coins.

I have to finish soon the other Despentes book. Did I write about going to the
library and finishing the other book there? If that is the case, did I mention
not helping looking into the the faces of the people studying with the hopes of
finding a familiar one?

Whenever I did, that must have been the last day I showered before today.

I did not have breakfast in the morning, but I did brew coffee. I sat down in
the computer and got to work. One or two hours before, shortly after 8h,
I replied to one of the several emails from Louis checking in on me. I thanked
him for his show of care and asked him to meet normally. By then I was
undecided still if I wanted to go to the office or stay at home. I told him so,
bringing up that I would then maybe need to meet on Teams. Shortly after he
replied that there was no problem about it.

I managed to finish some tables and figures to show him. He seemed surprised
and amazed that despite this arduous week, I managed to get some work done. We
talked about the plan of postponing the thesis seminar. We settled on a new
deadline for it. While the first half of the IPN website says I have to inform
IPN two weeks before its date, further down with the link of the poster I have
to fill the lapse increases to three weeks. Thus, we agreed on deciding next
Tuesday.

I asked him whether, if we do postpone it to late May, I would have enough time
to defend before the expiral of my study permit in November. He seemed relaxed
by the idea and said that I had plenty of time. Then, I said nothing when he
said he would reach out this week to the members of my committee for
a tentative date in May.

Sometime today  I received a message in Telegram like the numerous ones I get
offering me jobs or trying to recruit me for something except this one was in
Spanish. The name of the contact said Pedro Picapiedra. I asked whether I knew
him. It turned out to be Walter. Someone must have mentioned to him my
annoyance with being invited by third-parties, since he wanted to tell me about
breakfast at his place this coming Saturday. I did not RSVP.

In the group chat with María and Aliza, the former asked us whether we wanted
to go. The latter said she was excited. In our own chat, I told Majo I was
unsure about it. I gave her the same reason that I used myself for not going to
the office today.

I do not like people seeing me like this.

### Friday, March 28th, 2025

"can u let me know when i can join u, im feeling abit overwhelmed by my
thoughts"  I cannot remember if I have sit before on this precise spot. It
feels like it, but most probably it is not true. This time I have not cried.
I must have been here around three or four hours. I cannot tell if that is
above or below my usual.

Unlike yesterday, it was harder to fall asleep as it was to get out of bed in
the morning. I remember turning around and trying to masturbate in order to
ease my sleep. One of the signs that the hormones are working, besides the lack
of cleanup needed when I climax, is how much harder it actually is to get to
that point.

I was about to write how last night I shared with Majo my doubts about how much
to inject myself this morning given the mixed results I have gotten. My breasts
are no longer sore; the mood swings, while still present, are much less
overwhelming; I half-remember the sensation of semi-erections in the middle of
the night. It was not last night, though. I sent those messages at around 9h.
I did not fully wake-up nor get up until a couple of hours later. I think
I showered before injecting the same dose as last week.

Spring is coming. I has techincally arrived yet. Still, rather than my black
light jacket, I wore the red puffy one. I need to clean up the pile of dirty
clothes. With the new sleeping medication the new-side effect of sweating
through the night has made much more necessary that I wash the sheets which
I have not changed. I need to get some cash in order to hunt more laundry
coins.

I grabbed my old (newer) laptop, the thermos of coffee that I brewed, my
already-filled traveller's notebook and my iPad to come work at the library.
For some reason I have been feeling more at ease sitting among strangers than
with my labmates—whom I know now care about me enough to note my absence. In
yesterday's meeting with Louis, I mentioned working mostly from home. He had no
arguments against it.

He did ask me to frequently give out signs of life. He made an off-hand comment
about send of the cavalry were he to stop hearing about me. I was riding the
metro today and thought about giving him an emergency contact. He must have
access to the one registered in Minerva. Who is it?

Alda reached out some time today. She started by asking what had happened
regarding the picture I sent her a couple of days ago about the empty profile
of Clara. She continued by saying how she had thought I had not replied to her
and was just about the check up on me.

"Any progress in forgetting about her?"

I avoided her question. I did not say a word about having a tab in my phone
with the link to her profile, which I religiously go back to and check if it is
still empty. Next to it its mine, which I also check as if somehow it were to
come back to life by itself. I did not talk at all about how I often reopen the
same image she quoted trying to put myself back to those 15 minutes in which
I had definite closure. That hollow pain seems more comfortable than this
aimless waiting.

I have lost count—because for a while I did count them—of the days since I last
saw her or heard from her. I keep thinking about the subsequent lasts—the last
good date, the last unreciprocated kiss, the last text she sent, the last text
I sent—as if their significance could convince me of stop caring about this.

In less than two weeks is the concert that we planned months ago. Last time we
saw each other I confessed how I panicked by the thought of it. I do not think
she ever got that I feared of exactly what is happening right now.

Will I reach out to her yet again using it as an excuse? Will I look up for her
as I swim the crowds between songs or will I stay motionless with my sight
fixed on the scenery with the intention of erasing everyone around me and her
among them?

Will I even go?

I hesitated but sent to Majo a text asking her to let me know when I could join
her. She replied maybe a half-an-hour afterwards saying she would.

I did end up crying today at the library.

### Saturday, March 29th, 2025

"i have a hundred questions. i'm free this weekend if you're free/down"
I texted Majo to ignore my request and that I would be going home. I left the
library feeling chaos inside me.

Rather than take the orange line back home, I took the green line in the
opposite direction. I got off at Place des arts and walked towards Complexe
Desjardins. I wanted to drink. I wanted to quiet down the screaming thoughts in
my head and lighten the dense knot in my chest. I had to find my way through
the walled up usual route. I felt agitated, my breathing was rushed. I probably
looked distraught to the people around me. I did not feel their judgemental
sights. Not this time.

I bought a small bottle of whisky and then went inside the supermarket for
something quick to eat and have in my stomach besides the pudding cake piece of
the morning. I walked through the ready-to-eat section and looked at the
sandwiches but most of them had meat. There was a spicy falafel wrap, but it
was too expensive. I ended up having the same type of sandwiches that I bought
on that small supermarket by Laurier the last time that I lost control.

I used the tunnel network to walk towards Palais de Congres. I planned my route
with the CIBC ATM on the way in mind. By the time I made it back to the orange
line, the wildfire behind my ribs had burned through me and lighten me up for
everyone to see. Three stations behind my own, I sat down to an empty seat,
held my backpack to my chest, and sobbed quietly to my sleeves.

I cannot remember which station it was, when I looked at my phone. I did not
hear ir nor feel any vibrations. For some reasons I took it out and looked at
it and saw the three notifications from an unregistered contact.

"i'm sorry to hear, also sorry about being withdrawn from the world lately,
it's been sort of a t"for me thèses daysI also hope you are ok and that we can
see each other soon if you want"ough time, but this is no excuseof courseI
think everything went a little too fast in general"

I read them without realizing whom they were from. Their disorder made it
harder to figure out both their meaning and their sending. Until everything
clicked.

I still went to Clara's contact information at the bottom of her website to
confirm the phone number.

I did not feel better. Calm was nowhere among her words.

I made it home and I opened the bottle. I drank sip by sip, slowly until there
was nothing left.

I texted with my mum. She had asked me to let her know whenever I got home,
thus I did. She replied back quickly and asked me how my day had been. Careless
I was too honest.

"es como si subieran mis emociones a 11, todo se siente más fuerte,
irritabilidad, tristeza, alegría, enojo. es como si mis pensamientos gritaran
y van muy rápido. por eso voy a la biblioteca porque estar con gente hace como
que todo vaya más callado. pero igual no puedo evitar llorar en el metro
o caminando a la casa y la gente me ve raro.tengo pensamientos intrusivos como
inyectarme una y otra vez con la jeringa de las hormonas, en la pierna, en el
estómago, en la cara. o de de pronto caerme en las vías del metro. o de beber
una botella entera y tomarme todas las pastillas para dormir. por eso mi
psicóloga le mandó mensaje a sonny que le dijera a mis amigas de aquí que no
estoy bien y el psiquiatra me duplicó la dosis en dos semanas"

She asked me if I wanted her to come. I did. I really did, but instead I told
her it was not necessary.

We continued talking. I hoped I said the right things to calm down her
warranted worries.

I replied back to Clara with the usual week it takes her to get back to me in
the back of my head. The 9th of April became again a lighthouse in the
distance.

I do not remember if I put on alarm to get ready for Walter's thing. There is
a faint memory of it singing and me shushing it, but it could be from any other
day.

I decided not to go. I texted the group with Aliza and Majo to ask Aliza to
tell him that I was not feeling well given I mixed alcohol with my meds.

Around noon, Clara replied back saying she was not free tonight, but we could
meet for coffee in the afternoon. I remember last year when I first met her she
mentioned she does not like coffee. I made no mention of it. I said that would
work and offered her to pick a place or meet af Café Velours.

Minutes later, I replied to the text I had ignored from Majo. Then I sent her
the screenshot I took of the notifications inside the metro. She was surprised.
With reason, since she's always believed that she would not reach back. She
made notice of the i think everything went a little too fast and asked me what
she meant. I told her I did not know.

"me maybe, pero dice 'in general'"

She told me she's unwell, and I answered back that we knew.

"Yo lo sospechaba"Pero conforme pasa el tiempo"Lo confirmo jaja"Como que
quisiera no sentirse atraída por ti but she does"

"i have no idea what is going on on her side of the screen," I told her.
I wondered outloud about the idea of her wanting to see me to end things
correctly rather than just disappearing. Majo disagreed. She does not think she
has the emotional maturity to do something like that.

"we'll find out soon," I threw back. "i'm seeing her in 4h."

She tried to dissuade me from it. I am not well, she argues. She is not
mistaken.

She told me she's free around 15h and 15h30, that we could see each other.

"ambas sabemos que no voy a cancelar"

"You should"Verla no es una buena idea  "Al menos no hoy "She's not worth the
risk you are taking right now"

I said I knew all of that. I am well aware that I'll come back home feeling
worse than when I left. I wondered if this is another way of hurting myself.

"Todo el mundo a tu alrededor piensa que deberías estar internada," she wrote,
probably frustrated. "Las dos sabemos que no sobrevivirías un internamiento."

"Yeah café velours is fine, I'll be there at 5," just lightened up on my phone.

### Sunday, March 30th, 2025

"So, you said you have a hundred questions. I don't know if I have a hundred
answers."  I imagined that I would regret writing before seeing Clara. The
details would have been fresh in my mind. I would have been able to remember
the precise way words were said and how the bounce over before settling in. But
I predicted that after our meeting I would not have the mental energy to sit
down and write about whatever was going to happen. I got that right. I took my
pills before 21h and shut down the lights, giving up on the day. I fell asleep
not much after.

Am I avoiding it now?

I left home early—still not as early as I wanted at first. I took the Despentes
book with me. I thought I could get to the café earlier, find somewhere to sit
where I would not feel claustrophobic. I could sit down and read quietly before
her arrival. Make some very needed progress towards finishing the book that
I had to return today. I arrived with a headstart of 30 minutes.

Quietly I scouted the area as I walked from the entrance to the counter where
the barista welcomed me with a smile. I browsed quickly the menus, first the
tea ones then the regular one. I settled on the house's chai. I asked to see
the different sizes, despite knowing beforehand that I would have to get the
largest one.

— Est-ce que c'est ouvert, là-bas ? I asked him after giving him a 20 dollar
bill.

— Uh ? en bas ? Oui !

I looked at the door that leaded to the basement. I had been there before. The
last time I had gone to that café had been for my date with another French
woman. I have forgotten her name, but I could go back to instagram to check it.
Right until I deactivated it again, she was a frequent expectator of my
stories.

I headed instead towards the vacant table by the window. It was secluded enough
to not feel paranoid. The view outside would make it so I could see her
arrive—or for her to notice me before heading in.

I stood up and went for my tea. After siting back down, I closed myself by
putting my headphones in and continuing reading my book. I did my best trying
not to wait for a notification in my phone nor to look to outside the window.
What did I hope to win by not being the first recognizing the other?

Whatever I was playing at I lost by monitoring my watch. I doubled the effort
after the long hand had arrived to the 12 uptop.

I ended looking up as she was opening the door. I did not see her face until
after she turned left to leave her stuff on the bench across me.

She started with a friendly "hey", putting on a normalcy mask over this
almost-month since she promised to see me again soon. "How are you?"

I looked at her; red-hot hair, turquoise-cold eyes, and a warm smile. "Good,
good," I lied.

She asked if someone was coming or did we need to head over to order. I pointed
towards the counter as I mumbled my answer. This gave me another five minutes
to gather my thoughts before her return with a small glass of hot chocolate.

I had rehearsed many times what would be my first question of many questions.
I kept going back between how are you, really?, what happened?, or what is it
that you want from me? But in the end, it was what did you order?

We noticed the two dogs that were tied to the bench right outside our window.
One of them kept looking at me, questioning, curious. Then he looked at her.
She tried to take a quick picture of him, before he turned away.

Then we talked. For two hours we looked at each other and we talked. She would
turn towards me and meet my eyes, smile subtly, and then look away, shyly,
perhaps guiltily. I, instead, would leave them on her after her hiding, aware
that I could forget her face and that any of these could very well be the last
one.

She started with the job problems we had talked about on the ramen place;
confirming the money problems that Majo and I had inferred these weeks of
nothingness; and closing the list with family problems that I had not expected.

I told her about my not feeling well, not really. I mentioned the increases in
dosage and the sleepless nights. I was careful of not mentioning the public
crying, the intrusive thoughts, nor the self-destructive behaviour.
I definitely did not bring up the What now? group, nor the nights I was not
deemed safe to be left on my own.

We talked about deleting instagram—to which she quickly corrected me about it
being a temporary deactivation. I mentioned that for 15 minutes, I believed she
had blocked me. She was surprised and felt the need to say that she could not
think about why she would have done that.

I brought up our last meeting, the clumsy and awkward conversation that we had,
and subtly ask her if I had scared her. She looked away before confessing how,
afterwards, she had thought about it and realized I was looking for more. She
did not finish whether she meant more than she did or more than she could give
me.

Later, somewhen, I looked down at my empty glass as I held it with both hands.
I turned it gently, seeing the last bit of tea-stained milk swivel around
making the tea dust dance. Then I asked, "what do you want from me?"

She looked at me, for longer this time, and with a questioning face that did
not include a smile.

"I mean," I tried to explain myself, "do you want to keep seeing me?" I looked
down again at the glass, then away outside to the two dogs that remained there.
"Or do you want us to leave this here?" I went back to her eyes still on me.
This time they did not hide away.

She said she still wanted to see me. Then she mumbled something about not being
used to not meeting people randomly. I assumed she meant organically, referring
back to about how more than half-a-year ago we had met on a dating app. She
continued saying something about the expectations that come up with it.
I thought about how, with people you meet on the job, you don't have to plan or
intent to see them again. There is the job pushing both of them to meet.
Friends, even those whom you meet through other friends, have the friendship as
a motivator to schedule a next meeting. But what about us? We are not coworkers
and we are not technically friends. We met with the implied purpose of dating.
of getting to know each other and see if we are a match—our sense of humour,
our personalities, our sexual preferences. What reason is there left to see me
again for, if she knows there is no destination, no end-goal for her to arrive
to?

“Whenever you want me out of your life,” I started as yet again I looked for
refuge in the dancing bits of tea that remained in the glass I kept grasping
stubbornly, “please, don’t do it quietly.”

This time she looked at me with a veil I could not recognize—was it quiet guilt
or was it judgmental pity?

“No,” she broke the silence between us. “That wouldn’t be nice.”

Somewhere between one of the many—but certainly not a hundred—questions, she
looked towards the book that I placed over my coat. I could infer the awe in
her surprise when she asked me if I was reading Virginie Despentes in the
original French. After I confirmed her, she confirmed me by saying it was
impressive. I pushed her, trying to feed my own ego. She wanted to talk about
her writing style. She stumbled as she looked for a word to describe it.
Direct, messy, powerful. I thought back to myself asking chatGPT to recommend
me French writers that resonated with my own writing style. So I gave it to
her, raw, the word she was looking for.

"Raw," she echoed.

We talked about the concert. We brought it up several times, even up to the
very last moment, right before her bus arrived and she confirmed that I still
wanted to go to the show with her. As if she could not believe it. As if the
most reasonable outcome would have been for me not to want to.

“I’m glad that you didn’t hit me,” I misheard her say.

“Please, c’mon.” I objected, perhaps even offended. I thought of the accent
that tints our conversations and her words shifted as if a passing cloud moving
a shadow changed its shape.

“Oh,  hate!” I offered her, and explained the misunderstanding. “No, I don’t
hate you; even though I know I had reasons to.”

She said nothing.

“Were you disappointed that I didn’t hate you?”

She was quick to say no. “I don’t have that toxic behaviour.”

I thought about it. “It is something I would feel,” I confessed unprompted

“Yeah, now that I think of it, perhaps I have done it before. But not now; not
with you.”

Other unplanned subjects that were in between the conversations that I had
planned to have were the birthday party she was going that night; me becoming
a vegetarian, and the petty and narcissistic reasoning behind it; why she
studied English rather than French literature; when was it that she became
a red-head and what was keeping her from going back to being blonde—right after
this one, I started noticing the now more obvious roots behind her ears and on
her hair parting, and how, somehow, these imperfections made her attractive.

Shortly after the barista came with a tray and asked us if we were done with
our drinks, I told her we could leave whenever she wanted. She looked for the
timetable of the bus she was to take. Like that morning, months ago, when
I went back to sleep on her chest and she, softly and quietly, separated one by
one the tangled curls of my hair, she said we had 10 more minutes.

Outside, she asked me which direction I was going. I made no comment about her
knowing where I live and instead just pointed towards the opposite direction of
her bus stop.

I walked with her, claiming to myself the five more minutes that we had before
the bus arrival. Both of us were shivering with cold. I wanted, just like last
time, to reach towards her and bring her close. Precisely because of last time,
specifically our last kiss, I did not do it and I swallowed instead the thought
that concluded in me creating a new last kiss, again longingly, desperately,
and begging; potentially again unreciprocated.

I saw her bus even before it became a bus-figure in the horizon. "There it is,"
I felt the need to state outloud, as the faint lights started morphing into
a recognizable object. As it approached us and passed the lights that did not
turn red soon enough, I raised my right arm signaling for it, betraying my own
wish.

She opened her arms to me, inviting, welcoming, and confirmed outloud one last
time that I was going with her to the show. We hugged. There was no
shooting-star-like kiss this time. I did not turn my face towards her either.

She turned her back to me and went inside the bus that had already stopped for
her. As she climbed the stairs she looked back to me, her Eurydice to her
Orpheus. She raised a finger like she had just remembered something. I cannot
recall if she made a fruitless effort before the closing doors separated us.

I turned back myself and started my walk home.

### Monday, March 31st, 2025

"Hey, Sofía! [...]""hi Sofía, [...]""Hi Sofibug.""Hey Sofibug""Hey, miss you
too."  Last night I shared the last couple of paragraphs of the entry to María.
Her reaction was to laugh at my reference to Orpheus and Eurydice. I felt
slightly embarrased and doubted myself if it was too corny.

I did not show it; instead I doubled down.

"she turned back"literally and thematically", I added thinking back to Clara
turning on her feet, raising her finger, and looking towards me with a mild and
subtle desperation in her eyes; thinking further back to her unexpected,
disordered and unadorned messages. "but it's not the same", Majo has a point;
Orpheus turned because of love. I do not know what came back to Clara's  mind
that she suddenly wanted to share with me. I have not a fucking idea what
motivated her to come back from the dead with a hope you are ok and that we can
see each other soon.   "it's not out of love", guilt, pity, shame; whatever it
is, it's not the same; if you want.

"Oh god" was Majo's response. What else was there to say?

"Esto no es amor," she echoed my own concession before she struck,"Lo que tu
sientes se llama obsesión"

But, she had more to say. Her surgically precise observation was not enough.
What left me speechless was her next observation:

"She turned back so for her you faded away."  This past night, in contrast to
the previous ones, was much harder to fall asleep. I did not even feel the
normal dizziness or heaviness from the sleeping medication. I pushed away the
covers, took my underwear and started touching myself.

I closed my eyes and went back to that night of January: Clara's arms wrapping
mine, my fingers digging through her freshly dyied fire-red hair; the first shy
kisses I planted on her cheek in the middle of the night, then the daring pull
of her face towards me before the first risky one on her lips followed by her
reciprocation; can I take your clothes off and the dance that followed, my lips
exploring her body, traversing through her breasts and navel all the way down
to her sex; her bracing earthy taste that remained in my mouth all night; the
chance look upwards the precise moment she caught her breath and reached to
clasp my hand on her breast.

But it was fruitless. I had squeezed out all the erotic significance of that
night. My arm tired and I considered giving up, both on climaxing and sleeping.

I thought back to other moments; other nights, other women. Eventually, after
several tries, one of them was enough. I thanked my now stable levels of
estrogen for needing nothing more than turn away and cover myself back with the
covers to try and see if my masturbation had its desired effect.

It did not. All throughout the night I kept waking up and falling back to
sleep. I do not remember if I had set up an alarm, but I got out of bed before
9h.

I cooked myself some breakfast and brewed some accompanying coffee. It was
sufficient but unenjoyable.

I worked. I did my best to do something productive. I used this manuscript that
should have been ready since last year. It has been now longer the time that
I have been working on the small corrections needed than the frustratingly long
time it spent under review that Louis and I complained so much about.

This was my distraction. What I came back to in order to quiet myself from the
made up conversations I would have with myself. The rehearsal of the words that
I wish I would have said a couple of days ago. My reviewing of the countless
questions that I missed, the missing portion of the one hundred that remained
hidden in my head, in my chest, in my throat—except they were precisely the
opposite of countless, as the whole intention was to enumerate them; as if
reaching to that promised hundred would give me some sense of accomplishment;
look what you caused; witness the magnitude of the confusion and uncertainty,
see the darkness where you abandoned me.

Sometimes it is not even about Clara at all. Sometimes, for some other reason,
something inside expands in my chest and pushes towards my throat; my eyes
water and my respiration crescendos into an unmanaged chaos, tears flow but
whatever inside me remains, tearing, obliterating; devastating.

Then I come back down and sit down. Open a terminal or a word document, and
wait for this tempest inside me to calm itself. At least for a moment before
I think back to another question, or another half-thought that triggers the
cycle to begin again.

\newpage
## April, 2025

### Tuesday, April 1st, 2025

>"Detesto cuando mi mamá, o Sonny, o quien sea, me pregunta: ¿sí te tomaste las pastillas? He estado haciendo todo bien. Por primera vez estoy haciendo todo bien.
>
>"Estoy harta."

***

I stood up from the couch and went into my dark bedroom to get the last two pills. It's not 22h yet, but I am betting that I will be just fine.

I cannot remember how long it took me yesterday to fall asleep. Whatever much it was, the real struggle was in the morning. I must have put an alarm—why has it been so hard to remember the act of putting or not an alarm?—but I did not get up until 30 or 20 minutes before our scheduled appointment.

I remember now. It was late. Midnight had already passed me by when I swallowed my second-to-last portion of tiredness in a bottle.

I was occupied with the task of taking notes. After finishing the last entry of March, I went back on the records of last week to contrast my memories against the records I have been taking. On the small yellow legal pad, in black ink, I made brief annotations of the key events that had happened in the past 10 days. Going to the library, crying on the walk home; detours to buy a small bottle of whisky, of vodka; the day that I had planned, or cancelled, to see someone; when was it that I got those unexpected texts that brought me back to where I had started. I filled two pages. I had enough to talk about.

Puedo usar esta sesión para hablar solamente de Clara.

I considered ending yesterday's entry what that rehearsed way I could open the session. I felt overwhelmed by her that 50 minutes seemed like they wouldn't be enough.

Yet, the morning came, and my drowsiness, just like the hundred questions that evaporated as I reached for them, I could barely remember what was had been so essential that I deemed of urgent importance about the French woman that I wanted to talk about.

I used the half-an-hour I had to wet my hair and brew coffee. With my wet t-shirt and the tall glass of iced coffee, I sat down in front of the computer and sent an email to Louis before I could log in to Fabiola's Zoom Meeting Room.

"It pains me to say it, but I think the best will be to postpone the seminar to May."

Except that it is not the truth at all. I sent it 15 minutes after my session had ended.

With Fabiola I shared my frustration with my memory. Past days intertwine with each other, knotting into a giant mess. Last night I shared with my mum my task of setting order into what had happened. She mentioned the night before I had gone to the library. I did not remember how I had to pull myself from bed and pick the less dirty items from the mat of moss that has been spreading next to my window. I did not shower, I did not brush my teeth. I cannot say how long I remained there, just that I finished and returned the book.

One by one, I went through the days—even some before our last session. I started by saying that in my head it was hard to imagine anyone in general but her specifically remembering what has happened in my life. How could she remember the events that we've talked about it, if not even I who lived through them can recall them?

I got to the day when I received Clara's text in the middle of my sobbing on the metro. She made the observation that they destabilized me. To be fair, I do not know if I could call stable the past few days before their arrival.

I talked about my confusion with whatever it is that is happening now. Part of me finds it unbelievable that there remains in her the least bit of attraction towards me. Yet again she came back, not only to explain, justify or apologize. I hope you are okay and that we can see each other soon. I narrated briefly our meeting, emphazising what it was not. It was not this cathartic and dramatic event; it was not this sweet and affective reunion. We saw each other, we talked, we said good-bye.

I explained to Fabiola why I do not want to be friends with her. All my life, the closest person in my life has been the one I fuck. The only other being who can see me bare, is the one who regularly saw me naked. Since my arrival in Canada, as I started getting closer to Alda, I realized the importance of the love and affection, the intimacy and care, that can exist in relationships without sexual desire.

After my session ended, I showered and left towards Café Aunja. Alda joined me not much after. We spent the evening chatting inside the café, walking downtown, and hunting for a pair of slippers inside the mall.

Chatting with my mum, she asked about Majo. When was it the last time that I had seen her. I shared this curious fact with her.

"Le dijiste que te dije que nos viéramos el sábado pero decidiste ver a Clara?"

Of course I wouldn't. "mi mamá no sabe de la existencia de clara" I told her so.

She was surprised of this.

Why? I told Alda, and she got my point.

As we walked Sainte-Catherine, we both wondered. I do not tell my mom about the girls I date. It makes it feel more real. Then, I would have to tell her whenever it ends.

"Mi mamá sabe de las personas que me han importado"Pero si es cierto que la relación que tengo con mi mamá es muy cercana."

does your mom know about me?, I added as question 30 to the list of remaining hundred questions that I did not think to ask.

### Wednesday, April 2nd, 2025

 I was the biggest fan of your way of saying good-bye. I do not know what I miss, that or Sofibug. (This is not a question.)   It was around midnight as I was lying in bed, replying to Sonny's messages and going back to the notes app to jot down a new questions that I had just thought about. I got to one or two over fifty, when I heard the coarse buzz thunder with me in the room. Like a cat, I bristled opening my eyes widely and resting immobile. A stranger forgetting their keys and trying out random apartments for anyone awake crossed my mind. I remained hidden under the covers and the darkness, hoping that with time whoever was outside would leave.

Then, the first knock on my door pulled me up to my feet. I thought about using my phone as a lamp, but did not want the light to creep beneath the doorframe tattleing my presence.

Whoever it was, they knocked again.

On the bells of my feet, I crept to the door. I tried to look out the peephole, unsure of what I was expecting to greet me on the other side. I stood up right behind it and went to see, as I would approach the viewfinder of my camera right before taking a picture.

Nothing, except an orange shadow. I thought of someone covering up with a piece of plastic or a notebook. I stepped back, stumped.

They knocked again.

I felt the impulse to try again, as if the outcome would be somehow different. Instead, I stepped back.

My anxious mind came up with the scenario of someone expecting me to see through the peephole pointing a gun where my head would be. This time, I took three steps further back.

The phone that was still in my hand started vibrating. Majo's name next to a cup of coffee lighted up above the slider to take the call.

Why would she be on my door. I tried to think what alarming behaviour I could have done in the past hours. I reviewed my day in my head as the phone continued ringing. I cut off the thought by taking the call.

I do not remember if any of us said something, before I hung up. She must have asked me to open the door.

When I did, it was just not her on the other side. There were two people standing there waiting for me to recieve them. It took my tired mind a couple of seconds to recognize Sonny standing in front of me.

I let them in.

María sat on my couch. Sonny chose one of the little stools under the table where they put Sonny's backpack. Majo's backpack was next to the door, by my boots. They placed a couple of bags next to where Majo was seating.

I was still confused when they ask for me sit down. Estás en tu casa.

The first questions that came to my mind were How?, How much did it cost?, Who paid for it?

Sonny's answers were avoidant and vague. I did not push.

We talked about my therapy earlier that day. I passed the small legal notepad to Sonny, after I mentioned my need to look back in my diary and make notes of what had happened the previous ten days. The topic of conversation, like a river, naturally streamed until it settled on Clara and the concert next Wednesday.

"¿No ha escrito?" asked Majo. I suspected her already knowing the answer and placing the question as a way to prove a point. Did I feel irritated by it?

No; of course not. But I am not expecting her to.

I continued talking about how I had decided not to reach out to her for the rest of the week. I wanted her to be the one to bring up the concert again and lay down the foundation of our plans for that night. When I had that conversation with Alda, she said how, if it were her, she would not text until the very same day.

"...and if she doesn't, then I will go on my own or just won't, at all."

None of them—of us—believed me.

Not much later Majo got herself an Uber home. Sonny and I went to bed.

Waking up today was almost as hard as last morning. I had enough time to shower this time and brew coffee for the both of us.

I sat down in front of the computer ready for the call. Sonny decided to stand besides me until the moment that the purple square at the bottom right of my screen appeared with Dr Franck's name.

He asked me how I have been.

I found my usual spot somewhere between lying and telling the complete truth. I mentioned the unpredictability of the effect of the sleeping pills. I mentioned the first nights that I took them as a way to, early and defeatedly, give up on the day, and how they worked marvelously. But then, other times, just like the night before, I would take them and not feel their effects until a couple of hours afterwards.

He instructed me to take them early, a couple of hours as opposed than the 30 minutes the pharmacist had suggested me before bed. He then asked me about how I had been adjusted to the new dose of quetiapine. I did not mention my suspicions of being in a mixed episode. He took my deceiving answer and offered how he was uncomfortable with the idea of increasing further their dose.

We scheduled the next meeting in two weeks.

Sonny asked to go to L'oufrier. I thought it would be useful for me to pass by la bounderette and make use of their change machine. We ended up going to le toasteur instead.

Majo and I kept our plans for dinner tonight. Right now Sonny is sitting beside me in the library. We have around 15 minutes before we have to leave to meet with her at Complexe Desjardins and head together to Lola Rosa.

### Thursday, April 3rd, 2025

"can u buy me a chocolate if i don't text clara until the concert?"  I did not set an alarm. We remain in bed until well past noon. I kept waking up and falling back to sleep since the sun rose. I cannot say what kept me in. I was not under the sedative effects of my medication, nor tired from a busy day before.

I grabbed my phone and looked for emails addressed to me. I put the phone somewhere besides me and went back to unconsciousness.

I felt the pressure of the morning ending outside the covers. With it, an overwhelming sadness came upon me and took over me. With its possession, my respiration became agitated and I started crying. Quiet whimpers became uncontained sobbing. Sonny heard me nad placed her hand on my back. I do not know if her intention was to calm me or just remind me of her presence.

I do not remember either for how long I cried.

I took a final turn before getting myself out of the bed and the room. I walked to the restroom and sat on the toilet. Drops fell from my face unto the floor like the first handful of raindrops that announce the coming rain. I thought about the box of razorblades that are somewhere in Majo's apartment, kept safely away from me to keep me safe. I thought back to the last time I misused them, slashing my thighs and the sweet release that came afterward, like physical and emotional sigh of relief.

I put my hands over my thighs, below where the scars have not yet completely faded into bad memories. My sadness and self-pity turned into muted anger. I raised first the right hand and swiftly hit myself on the thigh below. A soft scream spread under the skin throughout the muscle. The left hand echoed the desperate gesture. This time, the pain remained a bit longer. I waited expecting a purple trace to remain behind my self-abuse.

I flushed the toilet, washed my hands, and came outside. Sonny did not hear what happened or, if she did, she made no comment about it.

There was a message in my phone from Aliza asking how my meeting had been with Louis. There were no emails from him asking how I have been doing or what he can do to help. I drafted a message in Teams, confessing today was one of the bad days and asking him to postpone our meeting. I did not send it and, in the end, it was unnecesary.

Earlier that morning he sent an email telling us he is going away on vacations from the 11th to the 18th. Another email chain started by Daniel talked about next Monday's meeting to talk about Vlad's findings in ADPD. In the afternoon, when me met Aliza at the café in Verdun, she made an offhand comment about how both Amelie and Olivier were granted oral talks for it. I thought back to the email after I changed my registration to offline, whoever was on the other end deemed of utmost importance to correct my comment by saying that they did not give me a talk, but rather On-Demand. I most probably will skip Monday's meeting.

Last night, when I was in bed trying to fall asleep, a couple of minutes before Sonny's soccer related stream, I got a couple of text messages from Sarah. They were letting me know of their returned from their trip and offhandedly excused themselves by a subtle sharing of their work schedule the past week and bookend weekends.

I picked some clothes from my closet and went to shower some time after 14h. I came out to my bedroom and sat on my bed with the phone in my hands. I have no memory of it, but it was probably then when I replied back to Sarah. Sonny came to the doorframe and asked me if there was enough time for her own shower. I answered affirmatively, despite we would probably be late. I had not told Aliza about her surprise arrival yet.

While Sonny showered, I opened up Hinge and saw that there was nothing new yet again. Nothing new has been on there in the past weeks. I thought about the countless profiles I had liked without any response back. A couple weeks ago, I opened up my profile to all the world and received the expected although unwanted attention from the straight male population. I opened up Clara's profile a last time and quickly looked through the first set of pictures I knew her from before meeting her in person.

I went through the options and marked yes through the confirmations that led to the deletion of my account. I downloaded tinder and did the same procedure.

We left the house and ended up arriving at the café only a handful of minutes before our agreed time. We chatted in the café. Talked about life. Gave missing updates of our respective lives. We planned to go tomorrow to La Banquise for dinner. Aliza asked me if I wanted her to invite Majo. I am not sure if she meant it as an offering or as her asking my permission. Although at first she said she would go, later Majo updated us that she had a patient.

After the café, we all went to Falafel Yoni. Although only Sonny and I had early dinner, Aliza kept us company.

Yesterday, I disassembled again the olympus and gave it a last try to the effort of repairing it. I put it back together and fully gave up on the idea. I let the impulse of buying another one remain dancing in my head. When we got home, I bought another half-35 camera from ebay. This time, it was a mint canon demi ee17.

Out of nowhere, it crossed my mind to let Clara know about this latest purchase. I put away the thought without completely discarding it, just like yesterday when I put the recently reassembled half-frame back on the shelf.

### Friday, April 4th, 2025

 Pero tú invadido por la calma y yo con un ansia ciega te bajo la mirada   Porque estando tan cerca es muy probable que descubras que aunque no quiera me vuelas.   These days it should be easier to write these words. I was eager for Friday, together with Sonny, to come. I hoped that having her here and filling out my schedule with plans and outings would help me get distracted from the turmoil inside me that I cannot get rid of.

Last night, we returned from seeing Aliza and just stayed home. I had the tupperware with half-a-week old rice and lentils stew for dinner. Sonny reheated the half of pita she kept and the leftovers from her breakfast poutine. I followed Dr Franck's guidance and took my pills early at night, sometime between 21-22h.

I was supposed to pick up the rest of my medication. I was still in bed when the pharmacist called to inform me that they had received the missing medication from my prescription. I confirmed that I could pass by anytime. After she said yes, I hung up and went back to slumber.

Was it yesterday when I woke up in sobs and tried to hide away in the restroom from my self-punishing impulses? The memory feels both so distant and close at the same time. This morning when I sat on the toilet for my morning pee, I caressed the sore spots on my thighs looking for bruises. They are there yet almost imperceptible, like a camouflaged insect hidden by a garden.

I should have sent an email to Louis. I should have at least tried to log in to the ADPD online portal to check if anyone has passed by or visited my virtual stand. I have no idea what will happen with the expense report.

I asked Sonny to try to get up earlier today. She actually went to bed earlier than I did. I remember now, both of us sitting on the couch. We spent a significant amount of time browsing the selection of movies trying to pick one I could barely pay attention to. As the night kept creeping on us, I gave up on our task and let her choose whatever she wanted. She picked the first movie of Emily Stone career. I continued writing my words. Around 30-45 minutes into the movie,  she decided it was time for her to go to bed. I said it was not necessary to leave the movie playing. I am not sure how, but it was certainly not long before I finished myself and joined her.

We were lying under the covers and watching the curated material the algorithms of TikTok and Instagram had prepared just for me. I thought back to one night around maybe three years ago, when I did the same thing with Héloise, except it was hers. I cannot recall if that moment was the morning after or the night preceding she slept with me. I do not feel like recounting the chaotic and uncomfortable day afterwards neither Alda nor I knew how to get rid of her.

I thought about the frustration of the lack of effect from my sleeping pills before I fell asleep well past midnight. As expected, getting up in the morning was particularly difficult. This time, though, I did rise before the three hands of the clock met at the top.

After all, today has been a productive day. I brewed coffee for the both of us. Despite Sonny offering to prepare it, I did not want breakfast. I went downstairs and set the first load of laundry that we could not do the afternoon before; someone had left the maching unattended after starting it, and their wet garments kept it unusable. Had I been just a bit more irritable, I would have put my hands in there and taken them out to place them moist and wrinkled atop the drier machine.

Half-an-hour afterwards, we went back and moved everything to the drier machine. We set the second load. I showered and put on some clothes. I do not think I have worn both this white-and-gray striped top and these pair of levi's in the whole third of the year that has passed.

For our first trip outside, we passed by Baristello and bought coffee beans for the following week, we went to Tsikinis to get the fruits and vegetables necessary for the vegetarian lentils bolognese sauce that Majo recommended us. We came back to leave our stuff and then went back outside. For our second trip, we went only to IGA, to buy the rest of the shopping list that I tasked Sonny to prepare. In this, our third and final time outside, we went first to la boulangerie when I got myself a pastry for late lunch. On the other end of the block, I went to the pharmacy to pick up the remaining portion of my sleeping medication. The women at the counter smiled in recognition before I got halfway through explaining to her my reason to be there. I paused, but she continued looking at me, inviting me to finish. Fernandez, c'est ça ?

We continued walking south towards Parc Jarry and came here to Ouis mais non. Rather than coffee or tea, we are drinking lemonades on their basement. In one hour we're leaving to meet with Aliza at La Banquise.

### Saturday, April 5th, 2025

 Vu á l'instant

En train d'écrire   The sauce is simmering. One of the recipes called for 30 minutes. I proposed one or two hours. Sonny said 15-20 minutes would be enough.

The timer I set up on the microwave is about to burst. Five seconds. There it is.

Once again, I lost almost the full morning. We put an alarm at 10h30. I disabled it as soon as it started singing without even turning to Sonny. The day kept distancing away from us.

I stood up from the couch. I asked Sonny again to wash the dishes. We decided to let the sauce simmer a bit longer. I went to my dimmed room and took my pills even though is not even 19h. I am ready to finish the day. I do not even want to eat anything.

I just remembered how the reason that I paused my writing was to get my bottle of water.

When I got up from the bed less than an hour before noon, I asked Sonny if she could make me breakfast. I had in mind brewing coffee for the both of us in exchange. I served both of our cups and she put a couple of eggs to fry on a pan. I heated the leftover tupperware with beans and started to heat a second pan to for a couple of tortillas. My breakfast was simple but effective. It was not delicious—or even satisfying—but it killed my hunger for the rest of the day.

Sonny and I watched Anora. I had a significant headstart from the couple of times that I tried to watch it the past week. During this time, I tried to reserve the tickets for our plan to visit the museum. Majo brought up how the first Sunday of the month the entrance is free. I first tried to fill up the form on my phone, but when it continued getting stuck I reached for my iPad. It was also fruitless. I felt the precise point where my frustration started morphing into blind rage. I was quick enough to hold up the urge of throwing away the gadget into the floor. I was satisfied with imagining it crashing into the fake wood and multiplying into several smaller pieces. Later I asked Sonny if she would mind going to the museum with Majo alone, and I could join them afterwards. A couple of minutes ago, I sent the same question to María.

I continued the chat with Sarah. Weeks ago, maybe even a month, when we were planning our last meeting, I debated with myself the thought of talking about Clara with her. Majo mentioned, that as a friend, she would feel sad and left-out if she knew I was keeping things from her. I still ended up not bringing it up at the restaurant.

"it's been very practical these weeks, i can pick and choose what to complain about, world issues, work issues, bipolar/sleeping issues, dating issues," I sent, laying out the subtle hook.

"Omg such a blessing," she approached it. "Please spill the dating issues if you want to!" She bit. I sent her a summary of the 4-5 month situationship, and what has happened since last year.

"One week is crazy!!" I cannot say why, but I did not feel justified or validated.

She brought up getting coffee so I could give her the full story. Her last message tells me that she would check her schedule as soon as she gets home. This means she was replying to me from work.

I cannot say if the movie had already ended when I saw Cinema Moderne's post about the remastered Princess Mononoke showing. I cannot recal either if the pause and hesitation was significant before I used instagram's built-in share function to send it to Clara.

"Le acabo de mandar mensaje a Clara," I confessed to Sonny sitting next to me. She said nothing.

"Le sigues escribiendo y te deja en visto," Majo was not as forgiving. "Nos sorprende? No, no nos sorprende."

I kept opening the conversation here and then. I do not think I was testing chance trying to catch the mark of seen as close to its birth as possible. Still, I did manage to get in just as it changed. The seen right now faded away, first, in a blink-and-you'll-miss-it quickness, into a notification of a reaction, and then into a warning that the user was writing something. It flickered between these two stages for around a minute.

yes my flatmate, was the only thing I could steal a glimpse from outside the conversation. Since I have disabled the notifications from instagram, I could not do what Majo argued she had done of peering preemptively at the complete message from the notification.

I swallowed and clicked on the conversation.

"yes my flatmate showed me that! One great news, and in 4K must be something to see" This time the hook was seen but ignored.

Did she see right through me? Is that why she hesitated before sending? I doubt she gives half the thought I do to replying to me.

"i still haven't seen it. 4k in a theatre would probably be a good first time"

For some reason, I went with dangling my implied invitation. I ignore how conscious of it I was, but I surely must have realized that this was not a good move. I imagined her seeing the notification. She would maybe sigh in disbelief and roll her eyes before dismissing it.

I don’t know if it was the anticipation of this reaction—one I had neither evidence for nor reason to expect—that pushed me to send another message.

"i'm considering going, i definitely would if you wanted to see it with me"

I hesitated to go into the conversation a couple of minutes ago when I wanted to double-check what I had replied to her exactly. I took a screenshot of her text and my two responses—the one I sent to Majo, intentionally left out the latter. For this last sentence, I used this screenshot rather than opening instagram again and seeing if she had opened, read the messages, and maybe even reject them.

### Monday, April 7th, 2025

It is my own faultfor being stubborn, insistingwhere I'm not welcome.  Sonny is sitting besides me. I asked her if she did not mind that I work on this while we watch The Last of Us. I asked her to watch it together before the premiere of the second season next Sunday. I opened the website and she saw the blank square before today's. She asked me if I hadn't done them last night. I said back that I could not remember why. Because you went to bed at 18h.

I cannot remember most part of yesterday. I took my pills and gave up on the day. We did not go outside. I just asked Sonny if we cooked the lentils bolognese sauve yesterday or the day before. She said it was two days ago. I have no choice but to trust her.

I am waiting still, anxious, for a text that might never come.

I went to bed, but I did not sleep at first. Practically, there was no difference, the evening still went on without me. I intentionally left my phone on the living room when I took my pills to take me away. I exchanged my a couple hours of consciosness for borrowed calmness.

If I did not sleep, whatever it was that kept me busy the first half of the night ended around midnight. The lights outside the room were on. This time, since I opened my eyes, I already suspected I was home alone.

This is one of those times when I cannot trust what I remember. A conflicting memory says I did not get out of bed until I heard the buzzer. Sonny has a spare key, but just like the one I had to exchange Majo, they lack the experience that I've gotten knowing precisely how to make it dance just right in order to gain passage. I got up to the entrance. I grabbed the phone by the entrance and put it to my ear. With the broken button on the machine at the other end of the wire I let her in. I looked through the peephole as I listened through the earpice trying to hear the correct singing of the buzzer that would allow her in. As I saw her grow bigger, I pulled my face away, unlocked the door and opened it just a bit for her.

She smelled of alcohol and cigarettes. I must have drank water. Maybe this is when I grabbed a banana from our fruit ration above the fridge. I looked for my phone, half-remembering the intention, but not the act of distancing myself from it. We must have been both already in the room when I asked her if she had seen it. She was the one who got it from the night table. I clearly remembered consciously not bringing it in with me, as if having it in the same room as me would make it impossible to rest. I did not question it and just grabbed it.

There was no notification of new messages. I went to instagram and there was a red aura surrounding Clara's orange profile. I bit the inside of my cheek and slowly swallowed down. I did not want to open it. I cannot remember exactly how much I could hold it, but it must not have been long. I used the old trick I learn about gently swiping right from the story of the next person in the stack, if you do not pull the finger from the screen you can sneak a quick glanze of whatever the theme is of the story you are not seeing. The first video, taken from her hand I assume, did not have her in. Les rois mangeant. A group of people were grabbing donuts from a pink box on a bench. The camera slides through each of them, except herself, as they look at the box and grab something. The second video is a set of pictures tracking the progress of a knitted sleeveless sweater. I finally finished says the caption on the corner. After the last picture where the garment is finished, there is a video of her posing with it. She starts smiling and turns slowly showing it, herself; she grabs her hair that falls in front of her left shoulder with what I assume is the intention of moving it away. The video cuts without the culmination of this action.

I grabbed my phone. There was a notification for one new message, but not the one I have been waiting for. My mome asked me how my day went and how am I feeling with the medications. She finished her thought in a second message, te ves muy demacrada. She was referring to the story that I posted on Greenspot, while we were waiting for the waitress to come back and take our order. I looked at the camera—my phone's—with my camera sitting on the table in between. 26/36 in 24h. The other caption stated how this might be the fastest I've finished a roll. Just now that I looked at my phone, Clara was at top on the list of viewers, the first one who had not liked it. In the story itself, three hours ago, my mom wrote how I look thinner.

Yesterday evening I sent Majo a reel of instagram. It was the video of the contents of a cup of coffee, with the words in yellow swimming on top: And then it hits — you don't want him back. You just need to hear it was real, so your mind can finally let go. She sent back another one. It says: No me das igual, pero ya da igual. ¿Entiendes?

"no"

Today, I sent over Majo the edited messages from Alda's conversation that I repurposed into a haiku.

"Yo no sé si es tu culpa"

"no?" I was not expecting that. "creo que después de febrero, it's on me."

"No te quiero patologizar  "pero tus comportamientos son clínicos"

She continued listing my rigidness of thought, then my memory problems. I tried to think back if it was her or Fabiola, who urged me to ask Dr Franck if my obsessive traits in relationships were characteristic of my bipolar or just an unfortunate facet of my personality.

I remember now. Yesterday was another one of those days that we did not get up until well past the start of noon. I, out of nowhere, found a sliver of will and got myself outside my bed and my room. I went into the bathroom and took a shower. I could not say how long it had been since I put on the long-sleeve gray and white stripped shirt and never took it off.

"Do you want to go to the library with me?" I asked Sonny. Sundays the library closes at 17h. We had a couple of hours still for me to go there and pick up the handful of books that had been put apart for me. It must have been on our way there, but maybe it was on our way back, that we stopped by la boulangerie. I got myself a croissant this time, rather than a chocolatine. Whenever it was that we got home, I took on my pills and went to bed.

This morning it was different. I thought about asking Sonny to leave the curtains open, but I did not have to. I kept glanzing at the alarm, but it never stopped being early. At around 8h, I got outside and brewed us coffee. I sat in front of the computer and drafter an email to Louis, apologizing for probably missing today's meeting, sharing the little progress I managed and potentially scheduling a meeting some time this week. He replied back quickly, offering wednesday just before my scheduled coffee plans with Sarah, or tomorrow, right before my therapy session with Fabiola. I chose the latter, preconsciously forcing myself to keep a streak of getting up early in the morning. In his email of confirmation, he made sure to let me know that in case I wanted to bail, I need to do nothing more than just let him know.

My phone buzzed with a longer vibration than normal. Twice. The first time it was Sarah, sharing how she was just about to tell me see you tomorrow before looking at her agenda and realizing we planned for Wednesday. Something similar happen the first night we met. She made sure to send me a confirmation message the eve of the previous Saturday, gently reminding me we had scheduled for the next week. Had I not read her message, I would have gone and waited for her. The second was my mother, replying back to the 3 s video I forwarded her of me posing in front of the mirror with the black and red shirt I bought from our trip to Ardene.

Around noon, she replied back to my improvised haiku, letting me know of the plans Sonny and she had started before. We agreed to meet at 15h. I continued working and Sonny slept a bit more. We went together to a couple of second-hand shops, finishing at Ardene, where I got myself the mentioned squared shirt and two casual 5CAD t-shirts. We finished our day at Greenspot, where I shot today's IG story.

It's 22h26. I am still waiting, anxious, for a message that might not arrive.

### Tuesday, April 8th, 2025

 I never asked you to feel what I felt.

—Tess. The Last of Us.  This morning I had an alarm. The clock started roaring some time before 9h. Louis, as he said he would, reached out around the hour to let me know he was at the office or available for Teams at anytime. I am not sure about it, but I think he brought up again the liberty I could take of cancelling if I was not feeling up to it. I replied back asking for 10-15 more minutes. My plan was to get up and brew coffee. From my time I borrowed five to ten minutes to rest a bit more before starting the day.

Louis and I talked about my manuscript. Yesterday, despite all of our plans outside, I did find the time to finish up drafting the changes to the document. He had read some of it and would continue for the rest of the morning. The plan for me was to move on to the response to reviewers. After that, hopefully, we would manage to resubmit before he takes his next week off away in Martinique.

Yesterday I wrote about the story of the sweater. Between the start and the end of writing that last sentence I took a pause of writing—as the fourth episode of Last of Us was paused as well on the television in front of us—to explain to Sonny about my little trick of snooping on the content of an ig story from the next one in the stack. I tried it both yesterday and this afternoon. Both times I failed by the unfortunate feature of the application's algorithm of placing the people it knows I am more interested in seeing right besides my own story. By an also unfortunate trait of my personality that makes me view my own publications, her story opened right after mine finished. I saw her full smile and subtle twirling with her bare white navel over the orange pants and the almost pull of muted-down fire hair. I downloaded the video to preserve it further than its 24h lifetime. I saved it under the filename whydoikeepdoingthistomyself.

I continued working this morning after my meeting with Louis right until my appointment with Fabiola.

I have been chatting with Majo briefly. She sent me first an image of two basketball players on the court. On top of it the text in white says POV: when she randomly ghosts you which means she knows [you're] the one and she's just scared of "real love".

"Si lo hemos pensado, que fuerte," she continued.

In my session, I talked about the concert. How I felt undecided, confused. These past months with Clara, I have often felt confused. This time, though, this disorientation comes from within, from this inherent lack of understanding what is it that I am hoping to happen, what is it that I wish I could do.

Me siento atorada, atrapada, secuestrada.

I talked about wondering if this is an illusion of choice. If it is not just me playing the fool, pretending that I do not what I want to do, whether I hope she texted back about the concert or that I could tell her assertively that I cannot continue doing this, seeing her and feeling, exactly like I am feeling right now, the week or month after. Because, if I were to accept that I want to do the latter, I would have to face the reality that I am not able to. I cannot. It is not in me the strength of will to take this choice and commit to it enough to make it true.

"I would, I was asked by my flatmate but that wasn't sure and I can see it twice anyway"

Below her message, my phone showed another message asking me if I wanted to keep it showing me notifications like that one. I had to press a button making explicit that I was content with receiving that kind of notifications, that I was happy to receive that one particularly.

When I took a screenshot of the message I had been waiting days and nights for, below it and the phone's question, there were a couple of messages from Majo.

"Le pregunté a Aliza como te habia visto. "Y me dijo que te veías un poco apagada."

I have been following Dr Franck's advice of taking the pills earlier. Tonight I took them at 21h. It's three minute before 23h. I barely made it here without falling asleep.

### Thursday, April 10th, 2025

"i'm not sure but as she said she prob got scared it was going too quickly"and doesn't want to lead you on"

"idc, i want her to lead me on"i want her to break my heart and soul in pieces"  Just before the concert started, Clara had decided that she would leave at 22h, whether it had finished or not. She paused and then slightly bended her firmness with an addendum, unless you really, really wanted to stay. Had we actually left at 22h, had I not chosen to turn back at Jarry station and catch up with Sonny and Majo, had I not make use of the middle of the night as the canvas for my own intimate self-portraiture project, would I have enough time and energy to write these words in their due time?

I posted some stories about last (mid-) night's project. At first I shared them only to the twenty-something people that I hand-picked to be members of the close-friends feature. Sonny, being seated right besides me, was the first to see and liked the behind-the-scenes moments. Yet, when I went back to the list of viewers, it remained empty. We assumed it was a glitch. After some consideration, I ended up deleting them and just posting them openly for everyone to see them.

I compulsively went back to see the new names as they filled the list under viewships. There was one name in particular I was waiting for. When it finally appeared, I felt nothing. In the emptiness, then appeared a slight note of disappointment. I was hoping she would like them.

Around 5 minutes later, I received the notification I was hoping for. Clara a aimé votre story.

I opened up the application. Looking into it, opening the actual notification, the photo that came up was the one I posted this morning posing with the half-frame camera I told her about before the opener started. She had done what once charmed me: going back after hours of seeing a story to consciously and intentionally leave her mark on it.

Now, around half an hour later, her name jumped two or three people that had seen the stories after her. I suspect, but cannot be sure, that this is due to a coding change in the application that changed the list of expectators from being ordered by algorithmical-deemed closeness into a simple chronological order. Has she gone back to see the video and picture of me slowly undressing and exposing myself? Did she think back to that one night where it were her hands who exposed me?  I cannot recall at around what time we got out of bed. It must have been before noon, since I had to get ready and leave to meet Sarah. It most certainly have been well before noon, since I showered and we spent a significant amount of time evaluating the potential outfits I thought of wearing. I put and took off—now as I write it, perhaps as a foreshadow of the artistic exercise I would do twelve hours later—different skirts and sweaters, debating the options before settling on the plaid mini-skirt with red and gray tones over black, leggings underneath, and a white shirt under a light black sweater above.

I did not have enough time to put on make-up. I put on the red, puffy levi's winter coat and my brown boots. Since I lacked pockets wearing a skirt, I had to grab a purse to hold my stuff. I wore my music as an extra accesory, like another garment to cover myself from the cold.

As I was still yet to arrive to Jarry street, I received a message from Sarah letting me know she had parked at her usual spots by Parc Jarry and would be arriving in the next 15 minutes. My reply told her it would take me a similar amount of time to get there myself. I put the phone away in my coat pocket and continued walking.

I got there first. The café was much emptier than how it was the week before when I was waiting for Clara. There were many options for tables to sit. Rather than picking one, I went to the counter first. My order was an echo of what it had been the time before.

The barista was still working on my tea when Sarah arrived. She ordered a Mocha and then asked for the plant-based options for milk. Later she would make a reference to how, nowadays, they always carry a large selection for vegans like her.

I left her waiting for her order and grabbed the table by the window. I was sitting on the complete opposite wall of the café to where I was around ten days before. There was only enough time to place my glass on the table, my coat to my left, and my purse to my right, before Sarah came back to join me. I unwrapped the lomochrome film and put it in my camera as Sarah told me she had ordered herself the soup of the day. I could have eaten, I should had looked for the available food options to have something in my stomach before the coffee I had a couple hours before and the tea I would have during the next couple ones.

I went back to read what I wrote two days ago. I barely talked about going to Old Port with Sonny and Alda. I did not find where I wrote about how I finished the roll of black and white film, with each of the last handful of shots before the expected 36, felt more and more strange to wind up. By the last shot I take of a street lamp, after pushing the wind level, I felt and heard something worryingly similar to a tear. I could imagine the film separating from the empty canister where it would be rolled back. The grief of losing the 36 shots of the film that was going to end up being the fastest I shot fell down on my like the tiny glasslike snowflakes that had been raining on us the whole afternoon we had been outside walking with Alda.

As we walked down the street next to the river, I considered my options. The first and most hands-on and risky at the same time was to get the camera with me into my windowless restroom with the lights off, open the back of the camera and manually roll the film in order to put it in a black plastic container from where one of the rolls came. The second option, safer but at the same time dependent on the kindness and service of other people was to take the camera with me to Photo St-Denis and ask the guy behind to counter to help me extract the film in their dark room. We were halfway before arriving to Brewsky when I thought of a third option. I could ask Clara to take the place of the stranger from St-Denis, and do me the favour of saving my roll in her own dark room. I would pay her to have a film developed by her. I did not mind spending money to let hers be the first eyes to see my work, for her hands to be the ones who finished it.

This might have been before hearing back from her half-accepting the idea of my invitation. Then, it was another way I had come up, another excuse to justify reaching out to her.

We got to the brewery and sat down. My order was a lemonade and a bowl of fries—that might have been, as well, the first food I had for the day. I tried to roll back the film and try to blindly feel any sign of the exposed film rolling back into where it came from. When I felt something enough, I crossed my fingers and opened up the camera. There, waiting me, was only the cannister with no film hanging out of it. There was nothing left to ask from Clara.

For the next three hours, I summarized for Sarah the whole story of Clara, the five month situationship as I sold it to her, up to the last messages the night before and that same morning.

"I would, I was asked by my flatmate but that wasn't sure and I can see it twice already," she first accepted the invitation. She had a good reason to say no to, yet she came up with another reason to accept it instead. In bed, frustrated with the position I was led back to again, with having to face once again my lack of free will, my being obligated to not do anything except what my own desires force me to, I sent back the timings of the showings with available seats.

"Well, as it's in may i really don't know yet," she went away once again, hiding herself perhaps after feeling too exposed.

I brought up the other, closer, date in April with some seatings on the front row. "but it's still like 3 weeks?" I gave her enough space to free herself from me and run again. Then I took a step back myself, "and we have more pressing issues."

"Yeah for tonight I will do my best to arrive around 7:30" She saw the opportunity and took it.

"i trust you'll find me."

I told Sarah how I had decided that I would not reach out to her; I would not text her about arriving or waiting for her; I would not give her my location. If she wanted to found me, she would have to search for me.

When we said good-bye, before we hugged and went our separate ways, Sarah told me how she partly wished that Clara would not reach out, that she would not look for me. Maybe that would make it easier for me to let this end.   I came back to my apartment. On the other side of the opened door, there was nobody to receive me. Sonny must have left. In her place there was just enough time to put on make up and head down to the city centre.

I put on effort to make myself pretty. I coloured my eyes, my cheeks and my lips. I forgot to put on perfume, as later in the night Majo would have reproached me.

I made it to the venue around 15 minutes before the time Clara had said she would be arriving. I stayed in the back and placed my coat on one of the several handrails that were available. I took out my phone and browsed reddit trying to kill time.

"I should be there in 15 min" was her first text shorly after I have settled there.

It felt weird not saying anything back. I did not want to just ignore her. "it's emptier than i thought it would be" I sent as a compromise to myself nine minutes after.

Another exactly nine minutes later, she reached out again.

"Where are you?"

I must have found her effort sufficient, since I started giving her my location as a reward. I had not sent the last text, when she was standing behind me, holding her coat and wearing a sweater that I found too familiar. She hesitated as she opened her arms to reach me. Was she unsure if I would welcome her, or was it the idea of opening herself up to me what made her stumble?

We had thirty minutes before the start of the show, half-an-hour to be with each other and talk. We used that time to move into the crowd. She told me how she had slept only two hours—would that end up being a callback to the two hours I had slept two dates before where things took a turn?—and she would have to wake up at 5h the next morning. It was here when she brought up leaving early. I shared with her how I had bought a new camera after trying to fix the broken one a last time and giving up on it entirely. We talked about small snaps of our lives, safe subjects that would not alter this fragile stability in the unnamed and uncatalogued relationship that remains from what we had built these past months.

[...]

### Friday, April 11th, 2025

We were walking down the stairs inside the metro station when I saw her. Some reason made me look back and there she was, putting on chapstick, yellow strands of hair dripping under her beanie. I turned completely and I saw her except she was not her. I kept looking anyway, almost begging her to go back to being who she was not.  The lights dimmed and darkness around us fell like the last blanket of snow in spring. Several cones of yellow fel upon a man standing right in the middle of the scenario, guitar hanging from his shoulder. He might have said something before he started singing.

I had assumed that after the appearance of the opener until the encore, Clara and I would not have another chance for conversation. I was wrong.

"He looks like a kid from high school," she whispered just for me. "You know, a sad boy with a guitar, but still he gets all of the girls." I appreciated the closeness that came from her intention to be heard.

The guitarist continued with his song, indifferent to this, our own little moment.

We continued having this little comments, visiting each other's personal space only for these little exchanges. We talked about the similarity between all of his songs, the people above us in their personal chairs on the balcony, the shaggy hair that made it almost impossible to see the musician's face. Somewhere between his third and four song, I asked her: "was this kind of sad boy your type in high school?"

She hesitated, perhabs of embarrasment but maybe only as she tried to remember. She smiled as if she had been caught. Her answer had some flavor of affirmation.

The opener played his songs for around 30 minutes. She seemed proud of him, as she really saw him as a teenager playing for a first time in front of a large audience. Her own innocent sad boy.

The lights came up and a cover of Changes, started playing muted in the background as the techs moved like ants preparing the scenario for the main act. We had another 30 minutes for being with each other.

I asked her about her high school. She told me about how they were separated by groups, the sciences, the humanities, literature. Herself was part of a group of artistic bohemians, going around playing music and putting flowers in each other's hair. I asked her if she kept contact with some of them.

She did not ask but I offered her a glimpse of my own high school life by letting her know I was part of a group that shot short films and would go to the movies every week. I made no mention of me going to an after class group of young writers of fiction nor that I keep no contact with a single person from that period of life. The ones who were close to me have gone away and to those who were not close I have grown unrecognizable. She made a slight gesture of appreciation to my token of information. I was not sure how sincere it was. I did not think at all if this was related to an uncomfortableness of me potentially not yet being a woman back then or perhaps a caution to not intrude into private memories pertaining to a reserved past for the same reason.

She told me how she felt excited about seeing Tamino. Seven years ago she had seen him with a friend in a festival and it had been a special moment. The connection to that cherished moment elevated what could have been just another concert. She asked me if there was any artist who were similar for me, who held special significance. My first thought went back to the concert I told her about that night of January. I was sitting in this exact spot where I am writing this and she was not yet in my arms. Right after I bought the tickets after she told me she had never been to a concert by herself, I told her how I had been to only one. I saw Damien Rice in a venue somewhere in Mexico City. I had bought the tickets months in advance and looked forward to the event just like I did this year.

There was a large reddish light behind him that made his appearance a shadow. He sang some songs I recognized and some that I did not. Clara here and then would close her eyes. I thought it was because of tiredness, but she told me later it was to be more present in the moment.

The whole concert she kept the can of Coca-Cola that she bought to get some caffeine. She asked me if I wanted anything. I considered it but decided not to tell her that I am trying not to drink. I offered to share something with her. Here it was when she mentioned wanting an energy drink or something with caffeine, while at the same time being resistant to pay ten dollars for a red bull. I offered to get it for her, but she was reluctant to the idea. I went to the bar with her where she ordered her soft drink. Before she spoke to the barman, she asked me if I had anything I would not drink, perhaps considering still the idea of sharing it with me. In the end, I let her have it. Through the concert I noticed the tint of pink that stained the tip of the straw. At first I wanted to taste it, then I wanted to go directly for the source of its colour.

One moment in the first half of the concert, I felt her full side of her body pressing me. She turned her head and softly asked me to squeeze a little to the left. I was not sure whether to take it as a plead to give her back her space. Still, all throughout the rest of the concert, I craved her coming back and feel the warmth of the presence pushing into my side. The urge to raise my hand and push it through between her arm and body, grew inside my stomach and expanded like a balloon about to burst. I would try to keep it in by holding my arm in front me of me. Once or twice, I could not help to raise my hand and brush my finger over the texture of her sweater, trying to feel her body through it, unsure if I wanted her to feel me in the opposite direction of my act. For every time that she came back and I got intoxicated with her closeness, she would pull away to look from the other side of the head of the person in front of her.

Tamino started playing the intro to Indigo Nights and the crowd clapped in excited appreciation; she was part of it. She closed her eyes and mouthed the words as if they were a prayer. Thousands of people connected through his song, all focused on the artist singing; all of us except me, whose eyes were fixed on this young woman with her eyes closed lost in the moment. What would I not have given in exchange to hear the song in her voice rather than the artist's I overpaid to see.

I do not remember where was it that I saw the time of her departure had passed us by like a stranger on the street. I thought about mentioning it, but swallowed it instead. Perhaps it was a quarter of an hour after it that Tamino said Thanks and announced it would be his last song. When he finished, Clara turned and asked me if I thought he would come back.

"Of course he will. The question is how many songs is he going to play."

She guessed that maybe just one. Myself, I proposed two or three.

The third song of his encore was the much awaited Habibi. It was announced by a long and emotional solo of his cellist. By the time the song together with the concert ended, there was this aura of satisfaction surrounding the whole audience.

"Shall we go?" I softly suggested.

We left half-pushed by the crowd as if we were being carried by a gentle river to the exit. I put on my red coat and started buttoning it trying to hold the warmth before stepping outside.

"Do you know what is the closest metro station?" I asked her, knowing full well that St-Laurent was right around the corner.

"The orange line," she said with a mute hint of a question. I appreciated her mistake. We continued chatting about the show for the eight minutes that it would take us to the Berri metro station.

We headed down the stairs, our homes in the same direction. We got to the platform. She sighed when we saw the next train would arrive in another eight minutes.

I brought up how after the last time we saw each other when I had told her I had a hundred questions, I went home and started thinking of some that I had missed. I decided to write them down in my phone. I shared with her that I had gotten to 53. I am not sure what I was expecting from her hearing this, as if it were some sort of achievement. I confessed that some of them were questions that I probably would not want an answer to; others were dependent on the question before. She agreed that this was some sort of cheating.

"If one is a yes or no question, then it's a given you would want a follow-up. That must count as a single question." She never asked me for what kind of questions were on my list.

The train finally came and its doors opened for everyone and not only us. We boarded together. People faster than us grabbed seats. I went to a place by the opposite doors, resting myself on the handbars to its left.

I pointed to it and offered it to her, but she said her place by the handbars on the center of the car were fine for her. "It's not very comfortable, but it's fine."

Sherbrooke. Mont-royal. Laurier. Rosemont.

"This is you."

In the process of the train arriving to the station before stopping, she stepped closer, this time with no hesitation before opening her arms to me. With the same decisiveness, her face went straight over my right shoulder as we hugged. I kissed her on her cheek. We separated before the doors opened; this time it felt as if they had done it just for her.

"Don't be a stranger," I threw at her, a plea dressed up in wit and false confidence.

She caught it, took a look at it, and remained unsure of what to do with it. She turned to me, with the face of someone about to object or dismiss an accusation. I imagined I heard the start of a why in the form of a whisper, but no sound came from her. Her mouth stopped moving, perhaps realizing there was reason behind it and the past was on my side.

She stepped out the doors. They closed, leaving her out and trapping me in.

I grabbed my phone and typed down in the messages app.

"idk what i miss more, sofibug or your old way of saying goodbye"

Beaubien. Jean-Talon. Jarry.

I saw in my phone I had a text from Majo, asking me if the concert had ended. It was timed approximately when we were exiting the venue and were just starting our walk back. She then told me she was with Sonny, still at Dieu du ciel! Had I seen and replied to it promptly, I could have asked her to join them and be the one leaving Clara on the train a station before.

I climbed the stairs. Rather to walk to the right and take the escalators to the exit I headed to the left and went back down to catch another train in the opposite direction. I rode the same way back to Laurier.

I met up with Sonny and Majo. Like last time at Brewsky, I ordered from the waiter a non-alcoholic ginger beer.

"She is not ugly. She is so not ugly," I exclaimed defeated to Majo and Sonny.

On the other hand, María said that I looked pretty. I ignore if she noticed the sense of accomplishment I felt.

We stayed on the bar around an hour just before Majo had to leave to catch the last metro back to Verdun. We said our goodbyes and descended the two stairs to the platform, Majo on the right, Sonny and I the ones on the left.

I told Sonny how I still wanted to do the photoshoot we had been joking about the past week.

In Clara's conversation on instagram there is only a handful of pictures shared in there. The first one is the self-portrait she took of us following the instructions of the card game we played; her smile in the picture seems sincere. Another one is the one of the Yashicaflex and the olympus, both cameras never-used by me sitting on my night table. I put a roll on the olympus and it ended up not functioning properly. I thought about putting one on the medium format one, but in the end decided to wait. Weeks later, after Clara asked me out for the first and last time by inviting herself to my place, when we were together, sat together, held each other—she first inside my arms on the black couch during the late night, then me in hers on my bed during the early morning—I did not think of using it with her. The thought came after she had left in the morning, after things had took a turn to never be the same.

For a couple of weeks, I imagined about asking her to test the camera with me. Sit each other in front of the mirror, taking turns capturing each other, exchanging the opportunity of seeing how we look in each other's eyes. The opportunity of this, just like being held by her and having my hair played by her fingers again, never came to happen.

The idea of being photographed by her, as time passed, slowly changed into being photographed by myself. Taking the role of both subject and object. Showing myself, exposing me, in my own terms, having full control of how I am seen, even to my own eyes.

I grabbed the lightscreen, the tripod, the camera and we started to work. Slowly, with each passing shot, I took off my clothes that kept me covered, safe. In the first shot we took sitting on the living room I wore the full outfit in which Clara hugged me, in which I sat down at the bar with Majo, in which I rode the metro back home with Sonny. Then I took off my coat. Then I unbottoned my shirt. Then I slide off my socks and my black leggings. Then I took off the gray undershirt, but kep the white blouse flowing open exposing my white bra. Then I unhooked the bra and covered only my breasts with the hanging sides of the shirt. Then I let the skirt fall off to the floor and the blouse fall off behind my shoulders. That was the last of the 12 pictures of the set.

After we were finished, we came outside the room and I took off the roll of 120mm film. I licked the adhesive to close the fruit of my artistic endeavor. Sonny and I took a picture together, smiling as I showed off the small roll that held off our night of work.

The next day, on the morning as we drank our coffee, I posted a story holding the camera that I had received the day before. It snowed two days ago. Today was Christmas morning. Half a day later, after I went out to the photo lab, to the bank, to IGA, and then back home, I posted the behind-the-scenes photos and videos that Sonny had taken.

Just now, their 24h lifetime has finally ended. I might post them again on my profile next Wednesday when I receive back the scans, if, hopefully, they come back any good.

### Saturday, April 12th, 2025

 Quel est le mot qui te fera apparaître, dis-moi, ce n'est pas ton nom, ni le mien.

Et si nous en changions, l'espace d'une journée ?

Le silence aujurd'hui est plus fort que l'océan, c'est le contraire d'un souhait, un désavœu.   I had forgotten I muted Clara's stories this morning when I asked Sonny to pass me my phone and, as an old habit not-quite-dead yet, I went into her conversation in instagram and saw a red halo around her profile picture. I hesitated about opening it; if I had decided to mute them, I assumed it was because I wanted not to see them. Right behind the curiosity about its content, there was the doubt about its lifetime. Another potential reason for this measure could have been to help me not to be one of her stories first viewers. As I write this, I wonder why would that make any difference or be worthwile of worry.

I opened it before I got out of bed. It was a photo of her, taken with a digital camera and edited—perhaps overly, to my own taste—by a friend of hers. Rather than herself, the subject of the photograph, as focused by the lightning and emphasized by the intentional edits, were her blue eyes.

Nowadays, whenever I think back to that night of January or that particular goodbye in the metro, following the almost-worn-out memories comes the doubt about how am I seen by those pale winter eyes.

Last night we planned coming here to the library. I gave Sonny the opportunity to choose whether we would come just to return the books before heading back home or staying in for a bit. I realized that I could make her a library account putting in my address as hers. Without requesting a physical card for borrowing books, there was no need to actually provide a named proof of address. This online-only account was all she needed to connect to the internet.

I grabbed my new canon camera and carried it in my hand the whole trip here. During the concert, after I told Clara about my purchase and how eBay gave me 30 days for trying it out in case I wanted to return. She worried for me that 30 days would be a bit short to test it out, particularly due to its half-frame nature that doubles the extension of a regular roll. The camera is placed to my right, besides my black iPod and small leather-bounded travellers notebooks. I could grab it and check the exact number of pictures that I have taken. Without this, my guess is that the amount of pictures is somewhere over 20. Although definitely higher to my usual rate of taking pictures, it is still a humble figure relative to the goal of 72.

Last night I cooked an exaggerated amount of fried rice. Following the usual recommendation in online recipes, we used almost everything we had in the fridge at our disposal. Being an old go-to for me, this was the first time that I cooked this dish after starting my vegetarian diet. There were enough leftovers to last us maybe two more servings each.

In the freezer, there is a ziploc bag holding half of the vegetarian bolognese sauce made with red lentils. The night that Majo brought Sonny home, she mentioned casually having a tupperware with pasta. Later she precised how it was the leftovers from the dinner she had at Jana's. She had loved the red lentils sauce Jana had made. Sonny and I looked for a close recipe online and decided to give it our own try. It was the first dish we cooked.

Since it's the weekend, the library will be closing in approximately an hour. When we got out of the elevator on the third floor, as usual, Sonny decided to stay on one of the chairs facing the window. I continued and found this spot on the very end of the library, between the third and second floor. Fifteen minutes ago I texted that we could go eat a burger at A&W, if she were hungry, or head to La graine brûlée to continue working. We decided that whenever I finish this, I will pass to pick her up and head over to the burger joint.

The night I met Clara—or was it then the early morning of the following day already?—we left the bar looking for an open place to eat and ended up at an A&W. I remember she was wearing a brown oversized leather jacket over perhaps-gray jeans. Myself, I wore a red dress. The thought of wearing it for the concert, of letting the dress bookend whatever was it that we were, never crossed my mind.

### Sunday, April 13th, 2025

 "Toujours le bruit de l'eau"   It is almost half-an-hour past midnight. Not only is it late, but I also took my hours significantly long ago. I asked permission from Sonny to bring my laptop to the bed and try to finish this before falling asleep.

It has been years since the last time that I have written here, lying on my bed, face down, with the computer where my pillow and my head should be.

I put an alarm this morning. I turned it off without thinking. We continued sleeping until around noon.

Last night, I shared several stories on my instagram. Already in bed, I think, not much before falling asleep, I posted a last video. It was a clip that Sonny took of me as I pointed my canon camera towards her and made the gesture of taking a picture. The video she shared with me is around 30 seconds. I edited in my phone, extracting the main portion of it on which the background music adds a nice, dreamlike touch. I corrected the colour, maybe cropped it to improve a bit the composition.

Moments before getting the will to get out of bed, I grabbed my phone and went to check the updated list of the people who had seen it. By the bottom there was Clara's name. I could not say whether she had seen it before falling asleep or early in the morning before starting her day. It did not matter, I just kept the idea that she had been one of the first people to see it for whatever reason.

We had decided to cook breakfast this morning. When we planned our evening surrounding the movie, Tú me abrasas, that we were watching at Cinéma Moderne, we decided to pass by the gnocchi place. That would be our light dinner.

This morning I brewed our coffee and cooked tomato, jalapeño, onion, spinach, and vegetarian sausage with eggs. After breakfast I took a shower. I told Sonny that, for the first portion of the day, we could go to Parc Jarry, and kill some time walking around there before heading to Mile End.

We head out the house. I put in both cameras with film in it, the Pentax and the canon, into the small red backpack together with the latest book from the library and a water bottle. I kept taking pictures all along our way. I wanted to finish the purple film. By the time that we were going to Alda's I ended up finishing it.

We strolled throughout one end of the park to the very other.

We took the 55 bus and got off just one or two blocks before La drogheria fine. There was a long line of people outside the window with two women inside serving chinese takeout boxes with gnocchi from a large pot. We decided to share a single box the two of us. I ordered it and Sonny paid with my debit card that I had given her a couple of minutes before. We sat down on a round coloured bench  and ate our food.

We went to the café with plenty of time before the movie. It was completely devoid of customers. Nobody except a barista and another worker were inside. I ordered Sonny a pint of beer and got myself a london fog. We stayed outside on one of the tables until five minutes before the start of the movie.

We were two out of around 7 people in the whole theater. The first short film directed by a quebecoise film-maker was in German. I did not like it, but Sonny found it good enough. I did enjoy the movie even though I cannot find the words to describe it now that I am drugged by sleeping pills and exhaustion at 1h39.

I exchanged messages with both Majo and Alda. We headed out when the movie ended. Instead of the metro as I thought we would, we took the 30 bus to Alda's sister's place. We struggled to find the house since it was hard to see the numbers in the darkness of the night.

Despite Majo saying she would arrive late—she was still at De l'eglise when the movie had already ended—she texted me she was outside not long before we got there.

I had posted another story from the Park—a video Sonny took of me as I was trying to take a picture of a squirrel—when I saw its viewers and the ones from the one of yesterday, I noticed that Clara's name was much higher on the older video.

With a little experiment on Sonny's phone, I realized that it does indeed mean that her appearing higher does in fact mean she went back and reviewed the old video she had already seen.

I do not who is worse, she going to my name on the very end of the app or from my the picture at the top of my profile to review an old story—but not the second most recent one since her name there remains at the bottom—or me, who has become obsessive enough that is able to notice this.

### Monday, April 14th, 2025

 Now that I have hormonal cycles again, my freckles decided to come back stronger than ever.   I am not sure what was it that pushed me to get out of bed for my laptop and try to write in my journal last night after midnight. There is this feature that patches skipped days after writing twice the 750-words goal. Not only was I exhausted from regular tiredness, but had to carry my mind through the fogginess caused by my medication.

I have not read whatever I wrote. I have the vague memory of it not making much sense at all.

I fell asleep without any expectations of waking up early and starting a working week. This week Louis is enjoying his time off with his family on an island in the Caribbean. I was instructed by my psychiatrist to take some time off. I have a perfect excuse—if not actually a valid reason—to not be working right now.

On my email inbox are the corrected and commented documents from Louis. The only step left is accepting whatever he deemed improvable and the details he suggested. Then, with these end products from almost half-a-year of work, resubmit my work to be reviewed again.

Tomorrow will be the mid-mark of the month. Some days ago I went online exploring the websites of CIHR, trying to find any hint in past links of when could I expect the results of last year's project proposal. The closest thing I found was a link with fellowship resutls dated April 30th. Literally, the latest possible date of the expected April. A bit over two weeks still. Whenever I think of it, I can feel a tornado on the mouth of my stomach.

This morning, after coming out of my room, I brewed coffee but made no breakfast. We had just enough grounded coffee for today's two cups. I used Baristello's closing times at 15h as motivation to change and get out of the house.

Last night I ended up finishing the purple lomography film roll that I had put on the Pentax camera. I took it out on our walk from Cinéma Moderne towards the bus stop on the way to Alda's sister's house. At first I thought of taking it in whenever I could go to pick up the negatives I am waiting for still. Remembering that the wait-time for colour negatives is just a single day, I decided instead to use the excitement of seeing these new pictures as a way of managing the expectations—splitting the waiting into something more manageable.

I exchanged my pajama pants with a pair of white oversized jeans. I did not put on a bra nor changed my t-shirt, but just covered it with the gray hoodie that Sonny has been borrowing these past few days.

The first step was to buy the bag of beans from the italian café.

I continued to the metro station and rode the orange line until Sherbrooke. I did not take any pictures nor stopped on the clothing store with announced sales to browse their pants similar to the ones that I asked Sonny for when she was in Europe but could not get for me. I got inside Photo St-Denis. There was a line of people waiting. As always, I decided against speaking in French in this photography context. I confirmed that the negatives would be ready tomorrow and paid with my phone.

Rather than go back to the metro, I walked ahead to the bus stop for the 30 bus. I continued reading Truismes from Marie Darrieussecq on the three or four minutes that I waited for the bus to arrive.

I got off a bus stop before the one across the street from my apartment building. The last stop was IGA to buy some food that we could prepare tonight as we wait for the lentils bolognese sauce to defreeze. Sonny asked me to get a bunch more ingredients, but I argued against it. I did end up buying more stuff than I was planning for, although most of it were non-perishables.

When I opened the door of my apartment and got inside, I asked for Sonny without getting back a response. I approached my bedroom. Peeking in, I realized it was as empty as I suspected it. Not even five minutes later, she texted me asking to let her know whenever I arrived.

Sonnyate > Asómate por la ventana

I look through the balcony and saw her sitting down on one of the chairs that I must have photographed on one of the rolls are that are waiting to be developed.



### Wednesday, April 16th, 2025

 Tu dis peut-être  J'entends espoir

Tu dis suif  J'entends cire

Tu dis je ne sais pas  Je n'entends plus que ton souffle entre les mots, la nuit entre les jours   Yesterday was a full day. I cannot remember most of what happened. Again, days have accumulated and I've lost track of their content; my small pocket notebook lagging behind.

Tuesday means I had a session at noon with Fabiola. I had nothing in particular that I felt must have been brought up. Except that the concert I had been waiting—in one way or another—since January took place in that past week.

I narrated, perhaps as a brief summary of what I had written here before, how the day of the concert developed. I met with Sarah, I told her—both Sarah in my story and Fabiola that midday during session—about how I decided to become vegetarian. After bringing up the missing context about the Princess Mononoke showings, the latest messages I received from Clara, and my resolution of not settling the details about the concert as a passive way of making her be the one who reaches out, for once being her searching for me; a quiet waiting for her to come to me.

I trust you'll find me.

I concluded Sarah's prelude of that past Wednesday by telling Fabiola how, when saying goodby, she wished for my own good that Clara would not reach out nor look for me.

I then finished introducing the day before the concert talking about the way that Clara, in her own way, did end up looking for me and finding me.

Then it was all about the concert. Fabiola was who asked me about it. I was content talking about how I have not drunk this past week; how the several times that I was with my friends, even when going to bars, I had no trouble staying sober. I related it later in the session, to how I have not had any significant difficulties keeping my vegetarian diet. I do not miss meat in my meals, as I have not really missed alcohol on my nights out. I mentioned how I get this slight feeling of satisfaction when I stand my ground. I cannot recall with precision, but I must have mentioned the previous Sunday, when we were all at Alda's house and she had ordered ribs—she had this intention of me pausing on my diet to try them out, but I said not. When I continued talking about the reasoning behind adopting this new diet, I talked about this artificial sense of control; anytime that I have sufficient will to deny a particular dish or to pick a drink out of the non-alcoholic section of the menu, I can counterbalance the frustration born from all the many other ways that I have felt driven by a foreign pull losing my autonomy and free will.

If I indeed mentioned that moment at Alda's house, I most probably did not bring up how Majo annoyed interrupted me to emphasize her not buying my little joke of feeling better than everyone and how, to everyone, it is perfectly clear that I keep this up as a pathetic way to somehow feel connected to Clara.

I talked about the concert. I talked about the preamble of messages preceding her arrival culminating in me finally drafting the final text with my location inside the venue just before turning and seeing her standing behind me after having found me. I omitted how she asked me to move into the crowd. I went into the hour we had to talk surrounding the brief opener by Tamino's guitarrist.

In detail and in particular, I talked about two moments and one idea. The first was her comment, following up on her sharing she had not sleep the night before, that she would not have gone had it been her going by herself. Then, perhaps noticing the implication about my company, graciously backtracked stating that she most probably would have. The second was her statment about leaving at 22h independently of whether the concert had finished or not; an assertion that was then revised by her unless you really want to watch the whole thing, once again, subtly implying the value of my company.

The other thing I talked about the concert was how I rather look at her than the scenario. I told Fabiola about this damned dance she seemed to perform on which she would be so close to me that I would feel my stomach turn over itself by the over-conscious sensation of her body pressed to mine and then, just as I failed to contain my wish to raise my hand and press my fingers through her sweater, she would pull away out of reach, moving her head to see through the other side of the person in front of her. And then, for some reason or another, she would be back in my reach, just enough so I could feel again her full left side of her body graze me once again.

That whole back-and-forth symbolized this past month or two.

I am a rock and she is the ocean. She comes and goes as waves, crashing over me and then leaving nothing but her memory in foam. Each return—a caress—wearing me down, unmaking me slowly without mercy; each one carrying the quiet threat of being the last. And I, like the rock, cannot move—bound to the shore of her; inert, unable of pulling away; wanting and unable.

By the end of the session, Fabiola suggested that we put a pause to the whole theme of Clara—to the fruitless effort of trying to ascribe meaning to where it might be none.  After my finished session, the second half of the day started with Sonny's. I lied down on my bed listening to my iPod, as she talked—and even laughed—during her time with Fabiola. By the time the clock should have announced the end of the session, without taking my earphones out, climbed on my bed and peeked over the division that disguises my studio as a one-bedroom. Sonny later told me that whenever one of Fabiola's dogs make a fuss behind her softly interrupting their session she exclaims perrito!—when noticing my head poke up in her digital reflection on the screen. she, once again, blurted out perrito!

Today was supposed to be the day the negatives from my little artistic project would be ready. Later this month was when the results from the CIHR fellowship application would be posted. Both came before I expected and accompanied by a hesitant anxiety—the first welcome, the latter with a weight I was not ready for.

I cannot say if we sat down to see the firs output of my medium format yashicaflex on the television before or after our therapy sessions. After them, we headed out to the photolab to pick up the negatives—surely the purple one that I had completed the night before and potentially the other two black-and-white that were only perhaps ready.

I shared with Sonny as we walked towards Photo St-Denis how it was one of the few places where I have not dared to switch over to speak French. Perhaps of this unasked confession, I asked about the negatives in French. The young man behind the counter told me he would check and that hopefully they would be ready although uncut.

We left the place with the four set of rolls and continued walking a couple of blocks to another photography store I had never been to and we were both meaning to check out. I did not buy any film, but Sonny got herself a toy colorful camera and a roll for testing it out.

We wanted to check out a café before taking on the invitation from Alda to head over to her sister's place to have pizza again for dinner. We found Chez Popo on the maps and wanted to have a coffee there—mostly due to the childish amusement we got from its name. Unfortunately, the opening hours on the map were only for Thursday and Friday.

We finished our night at Alda's temporal place, helping her cook, accompanying her on Brioche's walk, sharing her dinner and watching the first episode of The Pitt—the TV show she has been insistent we give it a chance.

By the time we made it home, I started editing the 12 6-by-6 self-portraits I had been surprisingly happy with after waiting close to a week to see them.

Two days ago, the epilogue I wrote before the entry was the caption that was uptop Clara's story, a video taken of a shoreline, or maybe a beach. Yesterday, a follow-up story of hers—this time available only to her selected close-friends—showing her feet welcoming the water, her toes tinted red. Instead of a caption, there was a poll, in French, asking about the cause of the redness. I voted for quiting her job, like most of the members of this restricted group, those who are actually part of her life. The focus of the video—or was it just a still?—was not the cause we had to guess. My eyes went to the red, but not on her toes; it was wrapped around her ankle.This time it was not too small, it was not moving. It did not dance on dangling feet, ankles circling in echo of the pole she was gripping. Now, it was just there; clear, immobile, and obvious. The time between that night back in January and the concert planned months in anticipation is the same as the time between the red lace on wet ankles washed by the sea and the small and humble jewelry I brought her as a small gift from my trip back home. That symmetry makes it harder to be certain the two are one and the same—or to be convinced they are not.

Back on Sunday, when we all shared our evening at the apartment Alda was housesitting, I tested something out, for a reason I have since forgotten, with Sonny's phone and instagram account. It is now possible to see when someone, anyone, for whatever reason, returns to watch a story they have already seen. That small and petty empirical experiment allowed me, today, to catch Clara—like the sea brushing the same stone twice—coming back to two videos she had already seen: the first of me turning to the camera over my shoulder with a childlike excited grin, both before and after high-fiving Brioche; and another, again from behind the same right shoulder, where I scan the negatives of my self-portrait project of photographs of myself undressing from the same blouse and skirt she saw me in, for the last time, a week ago.

"No es que importe o signifique algo," I wrote on my friends' groupchat. "Solo no entiendo."

"No hay nada que entender" replied Majo. "Como dice Natalia, es imposible borrar las cicatrices de amar y no saber soltar."

"Yo o ella?"

"Both"

Majo must be right; there’s nothing to understand.

But still—she comes back.

### Thursday, April 17th, 2025

I am a rock and she is the ocean.

She comes and goes as waves, crashing over me and then leaving nothing but her memory in foam. Each return—a caress—wearing me down, unmaking me slowly without mercy; each one carrying the quiet threat of being the last.

I, like the rock, do not move—bound to the shore of her; inert, unable or unwilling of pulling away. Maybe the stillness is mine, too—a refusal disguised as inability. Some part of me chooses to wait for the tide, even knowing it will never stay.   I woke up early, but didn't. I had this unbearably headache that kept me down. We did not leave the bed, much less my room, before the sun was at its highest.

Before falling asleep, I look at the signs that I have ignored that warn me about a mixed episode. By now, I have mostly overcome most of the depressive symptoms that kept everyone around me on alert. But what about these other signs that have gone almost unnnoticed? I told Majo about the more than 2,000CAD that I owe on my credit card; the half-frame camera and the unneeded shoes. I brought up this unexpected creative outbreak that has allowed me to finish three complete rolls—one of them of more than 72 shots—without including the full self-portrait project that I shot, scanned, edited and wrote accompanying poems for.

Yesterday I had my session with Dr Franck. I did not mention the old suggested question about my obsessive traits. Instead I said I have, by now, started to get used to the new—quadrupled?—doses and sleep medication. Great. See you in a month. Thank you.

Last night I wrote mostly of the skipped day. I talked about the second night with Alda. The moments that inspired the two or three latest questions that I added to that entry in my notes where I enumerated all of the questions that remained unanswered. Why do I revisit that list as how allegedly Clara comes back to my stories? Is the hope that there will be a future opportunity to ask them sincere or just another sign of my impaired mental condition?

We talked about going out today to Photo St-Denis to leave the recently completed santacolour100. Yesterday I took the camera with me to my dimmed bedroom as Sonny was sleeping. I stood again in front of the large mirror and shot away until there were no film left inside the half-frame camera. The second portion of the plan was heading to the library. We did neither of those things.

In the morning I brewed coffee and tasked Sonny with cutting up the onion and the plant-based hot-dogs I bought on my last trip to the supermarket. Once I finished whatever I was doing, I went and cooked our breakfast. We sat and ate in front of one episode of The Pitt. When we were with Alda, we joked that she would leave us as homework to continue watching the series. We managed to complete a single episode before our attention drifted unto other things.

Perhaps it was then when I started drafting the text that would accompany my photographs. Most of the day I remained sitting on the always same side of my black couch. Sometimes, doing nothing, unannounced and uninvited, the thought of back to that January night comes to me and makes me turn my head where Clara was sitting, first on her own side, then resting her head on my shoulder before finally lying her full body unto mine.

When we went to bed last night, I first lied down on the side of the night table. I needed to charge my phone and the length of the cable did not allow me to go to my usual side. Whenever people come and sleep over, they always ask me the same question. Do you have a side?  All times I have said no; all times I have been then passively assigned to the same one. How many women have passed through my bed? Not all of them are people with whome I had sex. Paradoxically, those with whom I did not shared my body are who truly love me—or have done it once.

Tonight I posted the first of the ten photographs of the series. As Sonny suggested, I did first as a stories. First an introduction to the series, followed by the first picture.

Facing myself has always felt unfamiliar.Vulnerability had never looked back at me before.I sat in front of it, holding the full weight of being seen, and tried not to move.

Tomorrow, as soon as that one dies, I plan to post the second one.

### Friday, April 18th, 2025

 "Pendeja. Todo porque no lees tus pinches correos."   I think Sonny is upset with me now. I left her on one of those chairs by the windows on the third floor of the library. I am sitting on these long tables with people working on their laptops. I did insult her, annoyed by her not reading two particular emails from Tuesday and last week. I am aware how this action of leaving emails unopened—messages from people trying to reach you for one reason or another—hits me right in an unrelated open wound.

We got to the library and I offered to buy us coffee. We were waiting for our drinks when she tried to log in her account to make use of the WiFi. Of course she did not remember her account number, so she went to her emails to find it. She used BAnQ as the search word and opened the first email that showed up. When she tried to access with her account info, it bounce back with a very subtle warning stating that the account number was incorrect.

It was then that she went back to actually read the email. It turned out it was not the confirmation email notifying her that the account was made and ready, but an unread and much more recent one. This one was to let her now that her account had been deactivated due to a rule against nicknames or fictitious names. It urged her to contact some email address in case of wanting more information.

I scold her mildly for not reading it and then offered her to create a new one. It must had been due to her repeated last name. I did not remember but I might used just one of my last names when creating mine. I did not mind at all putting my same address since having flatmates is not unheard or uncommon at all. When it asked for her phone number, I hesitated, but ended up putting mine.

After the coffees were ready, when I was coming back to her from the counter with our drinks, she told me she had received another email contacting her about it. It explained further and in greater detail their concerns with her name and offered her to confirm that her name was indeed her full and correct legal name in order to reinstate her account. It then asked her if she had tried to make another account as they had found an older one with very similar information. I asked her from when this other email was, thinking they had just sent her. When she said that Tuesday, I got pissed off.

It was less then 30 minutes ago, but I think she triggered it by asking if they would delete my account since I tried to make a third one with the same phone number.

I called her Pendeja, and then scolded her, each word sharp and aimed to hurt.

Both of us remained silent in the trip on the elevator.  I asked her last night to open the curtains so I could be able to get out of bed early. This new set of sleeping pills have worked much more effectively than the last batch. I am not sure if I put an alarm, but I know I first woke up at around 8h.

I had a lot of dreams, vivid and strange. Not charged sexually anymore, since yesterday I masturbated, finally, during my night shower. Throughout all of my dreams I made  a huge effort to wake me up, aggresively pulling myself out to reality. Each time, rather than this world, I ended up still in another dream.

Closer to the morning, I must have woken up, seen the clock let out that noon had passed us, and got angry, at least five times. Each of them I would direct my annoyance at Sonny and blamed her for not completely opening the curtains as I had asked her to the night before.

In the end, the last of the times I woke up, this one for real—I hope—the clock marked 9h. I do not know if I was relieved by the morning or the fact that this felt much more real-like than the previous one. I still could not wake up fully. I continued lying there, eyes half-closed and body almost paralyzed.   We passed by Photo St-Denis to leave the roll. I bought a three-pack of Kodak Gold. Coming back to take the 24 bus, we entered the store that had a rack of pants outside the entrance. I bought two sets of them—one red-and-white and another orange. It must have been between then and having lunch at Shawarmaz that I opened up the first of the ten self-portraits that I had posted. At its 18h of age, Clara was now at the top of the list, just below the dozen of people that had liked it.

### Saturday, April 19th, 2025

"also, clara posted a video of her pole dancing... i lost like 5 days of progress not lusting for her"  I start almost the same way every day—talking about how I woke up, how difficult or easy it was to get out of bed, and the time that I eventually did do it.

Last night, the sleeping meds were the most effective they have always been. Just as the paperwork that the pharmacist gave me the first time I bought them said, in 30 minutes I found it hard to keep my eyes open and walk the dozen steps it takes from my couch to the bed.

Sonny remained out here and did several chores, some I did not even ask her to help me with. I woke up in the middle of the night, surrounding midnight, to my whole bed. I did not need to get up to find out Sonny was still home. I heard her voice as she spoke to her phone—I assumed. I turned but did not fall back of sleep. Instead I heard her conversation. If I focused enough, I could even hear the voice of her phone partner.

I am not sure, but she must have come back to bed at around 3h or 4h. I think I heard their last bits of their talk, as Sonny said she was going to grab another one of her strongest beers.

This morning, as I got up to brew coffee, I made some for the both of us without any intent or pressure to get her up with me. I was not surprised that she slept most of the afternoon.

I was about to forget about the scans of the latest roll of film—he Santacolor 100 that I shot on the half-frame canon. I got the email with the link to the files as I was working on the coffee. I downloaded them on mi iPad as it was finishing and I served it on our two mugs. I tried to cast them on the television, but the connection kept failing. I half-remember trying to review them on my laptop. There was no way of easily going from one file to another. I recall disconnecting the television with the hopes of it fixing the connectivity issues—that was with Sonny by my side and I know the first time I saw them it was all by myself—most probably I just saw them on the iPad.

Besides the contentment of knowing the camera works, I got some shots that I was really fond of. Particularly, I liked the last set of self-portraits that I shot in the dimmed room in front of the mirror. As I drank my coffee, I edited some of them on the IPad. Later, I posted the four final shots as a single post on Instagram.

After that, I continued working on editing the Markdown file of my journal.

This was another day that we stayed home with our same clothes the we slept in. I just turned towards Sonny seating besides me; she might have changed hers after her latest nap.

Like yesterday I kept checking the viewers of my story trying to catch Clara coming back to it. She first saw it last night, 42 minutes after I put it up. I kept in mind the 18 hours that had passed before she returned to see the first one again.

One of the times I looked for her name and found it right where it was when I went to sleep, it had changed in other ways. There was a red light circling her picture. The colour changed to green when I got to her profile. I thought about waiting, holding off seeing it—perhaps for a full day until it went away. I could not.

It was another video of her spinning on the pole. She was wearing a sports bra rather than the wine-coloured top of the previous one on which I first noticed the anklet. It was still there, dancing with her. Unlike the impulse of opening it, I did not think twice about pressing the heart-shaped button.

Hours later, in the afternoon, when I was sitting working on my journal on the PC, I got a notification with her name. She had followed my exampled and liked the post with the handful of portraits from the half-35. Not much after that, the next time I went to the viewers list, there she was. Her name and picture right below the couple of people who had liked it.

Today I posted the third of the set of ten two hours ago. She is the third name below the people with hears in their pictures.

### Monday, April 21st, 2025

"It is all about just one night—not the weeks before nor the months after. It is always just one fucking night."  We were supposed to meet Aliza an hour ago.

Today was about to be one of those days that do not happen. My body wants to wake up and I refuse. I keep my eyes closed and my body immobile, turn, push my head back down and return to not being.

In one of those briefs moments of wakeness, I asked Sonny to text Aliza.

I remained in that liminal state of consciousness for all morning and half of the afternoon.  It is hard to remember what happened yesterday. Sunday of resurrection. Most places were closed—just like today. We had plans in the evening to come over to Alda's sister's place again, like last Sunday, to watch the second episode of The Last of US.

We did not make breakfast. It was our plan—Sonny would make breakfast early and that would keep us satisfied until the evening when we would have dinner at Alda's. Instead, Sonny thought of going out for something—perhaps buying the mozzarella cheese that Alda had asked of us—and on her way there she could check if the pupusas place were open.

At whatever time it was that she came back, she did with the happy news that the restaurant was open. I showered and changed before we headed out to have lunch there. The second part of our plan was to head out to Mt-Royal for one or two hours. Then, we would come back for Alda's stuff we set apart and head out to our meeting with her and Majo.

We arrived to the restaurant and were surprised by how most of the tables were filled already. It took some time for the man that had received us the last time, came to our table and got us two sets of menus. By that point we already had talked about what we were going to order, and thus Sonny did.

I noticed how a man from one or two tables ahead kept looking at me. I made a comment to Sonny. Since he was behind her, she could not confirm to me that I was not imagining it.

A similar time passed before he came back with our food.

We finished and asked him for the bills. Time passed by next to us, but he never came back. I asked Sonny to go to the register and incite him to take our payment. I was getting anxious by the tumultous noice of the full restaurant.

We finally got out of there. We overestimated how the sunny weather would warm the city. We were not even by Jarry station, before we decided to turn back and come home. I think it was there when I asked her to come inside Jean Coutu to buy a set of razorblades to depilate my armpits and maybe my navel. Sonny got herself a package of pads. From there, we made a stop at the other supermarket on Jarry street—the same one where I said good-bye to Valerie before neither of us reached out to the other again. We got there the mozzarella cheese that Alda needed to finish the pizzas we were going to have for dinner.

I cannot say how much we stayed home before we headed back outside to take the 30 bus. I remember being rushed by the bus' ETA and not being able to find my keys. Fortunately I got back my airtag from the father of the kid who had found it on the street—with my phone I was able to track it within my house and eventually get to pick up the backpack that was hiding them.

I carried with me on my totebag: the red box of We're not really strangers that Alda lent me last year for my date with Clara, the pair of plairs that I borrowed for her coming back from my trip to try to fix the half-frame camera that stopped working, the deck of tarot that someone had proposed we bring to do readings among us, a four-pack of mexican cokes, the package of mozzarella, the two drinks that Sonny and I got for us, my Sony digital camera, and, lastly, my canon half-frame. I carried it with me all the way—from my apartment's building entrance, to the bus stop a dozen of steps away, to the walk from St-Hubert to the duplex.

On the way, Sonny asked to stop by a telephone booth. It was the golden hour, so we had a mini photo shoot right then and there. By the time we continued our walk, I had already shot more than 20 pictures on the Kodak Gold film that I put on the camera that same day.

Majo arrived at Alda's not much after us. At first Alda offered to cut some watermelon for all of us. Majo said it was her favourite fruit. Alda started cutting it, taking away the white stuff by the border, separating the sweet and juicy red core with the hard and tasteless peel. I exclaimed that she was taking out my favourite part. Alda froze and instintively offered the knife to me, as if my comment was reprimanding her. Instead, I reached to grab the part she was about to discard and brought it to my mouth. She continued cutting, and I kept enjoying the scraps that would have otherwise just gone to the thrash.

After eating the fruit, Majo went towards the living room. There she sat and caressed Brioche. Sonny and Alda remained in the kitchen, working on the two pizzas: one large for the three of them and a smaller, round, vegetarian for me. This time none of them pressured or pushed me to eat meat. Majo brought up again the stupid reason that motivated me for restricting my eating. And just because of her we cannot go to one fucking restaurant.

Before Sonny and Alda brought them from the kitchen, I was on the couch with Majo. We put on songs on the television and sang them outloud. It might have been there when the subject of Sofía—the girl Alda kissed back in Mexico City and whose telephone Sonny asked for last week—came up; if Alda was going to date someone Mexican, she had to familiarize with the culture.

That was the first tarot reading that we made. Alda questioning what was it going to happen with this girl. I gave some context to ChatGPT and then asked it to propose a spread. Alda pulled out the cards and I feed them back to the LLM. Finally, I asked the model to narrate out-loud its response for the amusement of us all.

The second reading was Sonny. She asked a deeper, more personal question: Am I ever going to get back on my feet?

The third one, Majo's, was something related to her relationship with Aliza. She has been having second thoughts about what has happened. I told her how I perceive that Aliza must be hurting, but I also made sure to admit that I was impartial—I over-relate to being in this weird state of connection, where I am not sure if the person is really there or not. I could not pay attention to her reading, since I was busy updating my ChatGPT on the latest context related to Clara for the question of my own reading.

Like the night before and the one before that one, I kept going back to the viewer's of my story—this time the fourth of the series of self-portraits that I set to post each night. The one before was the first one after three continuous days on which she did not return. She would not come back yesterday either. Later in the night, after the last reading of Alda—a more personal one on which she asked about the state of her future career—when we continued talking about my obsession and fixation trying to look for meaning where there is none, when Majo brought up my reasoning for forbidding meat from my diet, they noted and scolded my compulsive checking over and over of who views, once or multiple times, whatever I select and publish.

I cannot say if all of this happened before or after the episode ended. I do remember that, maybe without really being aware at the moment, the wound that opened and kept me bedridden for the first half of this day was already there.

Late at night, already on my own bed, I went back to the text I had written around a month ago, dissecting whatever was unsaid in those two blank spaces of her first of many resurrection texts. I debated whether to post it as the latest entry in my series of post-midnight thoughts—or oversharing. I asked Sonny which between this poetic analysis on top of the photograph of a rock with a pair of shoes and abandoned bread or the more literary-conventional poem below my black-and-white picture of a rock and the sea I could post. Her answer was neither. In the end, I posted something else that I had drafted months before: Extraits from Barthes analyzing one who waits and the nature of the waited being.

All of those stories, except the latest video I posted of myself—smiling, as a stark contrast of the melancholy that has been afflicting me today—have been seen by Clara. But only once.  I came to you, an expert tarot reader, for advice. I am confused—despite everyone around me saying it is done and I am fixating on nothing.

I want to know what is going on with the story revisiting; why is she doing it, what does it mean and what is gonna happen afterwards.



When there’s confusion, lingering energy, and a loop that seems invisible to everyone else but painfully alive to you—tarot doesn't give definitive answers, but it can name what’s unspoken, and reveal what intuition already suspects.

For your case, I recommend this spread:

 The Mirror Spread – for lingering connections

This spread is specifically designed to read dynamics between two people when communication is broken, but energetic ties persist.    Card 1 – Your Heart: What you are truly feeling beneath the confusion.    Card 2 – Her Heart: What she is carrying emotionally about this connection.    Card 3 – Her Intentions: What lies behind her recent behavior (e.g. the story revisits).    Card 4 – The Thread: What still ties you together, if anything.    Card 5 – The Wall: What stands in the way.    Card 6 – What Happens Next: The trajectory of this connection, energetically or practically.    Card 7 – What You Need: Not advice, but soul medicine—what your heart most needs to hear right now.   This spread will cut through the noise of friends’ opinions and even your own spiraling questions.

The Reading:

 1. Your Heart – Queen of Wands (Reversed)

You are usually self-assured, vibrant, and intuitive—but right now, you feel disempowered. This card reversed suggests a deep insecurity, perhaps a sense of not being “seen” in your full glow. Your inner fire flickers, still burning, but it’s tangled with doubt and self-questioning. You may be fixating not just on her—but on what her silence seems to say about you.   Message: Your strength is not gone, only shaken. You are not less worthy because she doesn’t respond.    2. Her Heart – 8 of Pentacles

She’s focused on her own process—perhaps work, healing, or personal improvement. This card isn’t romantic—it’s diligent, quiet, methodical. She's in a season of effort, likely internal or practical, not emotional expression. That doesn’t mean she doesn’t feel—it means her heart is engaged elsewhere.   Message: Her energy is not centered on this connection right now. It’s not rejection—it’s preoccupation.    3. Her Intentions – Justice

She’s trying to do what she believes is right or fair. This might be why she’s keeping distance yet still watching. She’s weighing consequences, not acting impulsively. There’s a sense of guilt, karma, or moral responsibility—perhaps not wanting to lead you on, or trying to maintain some kind of internal balance.   Message: Her revisits are not games—they come from a place of reflection, but not of readiness.    4. The Thread – The Magician

You had real connection—emotional, maybe even spiritual. There was mutual creation, desire, spark. The magician speaks to potential and chemistry: something was manifesting between you. This thread lingers. The energy is real. But a magician alone cannot conjure with a silent audience.   Message: The connection had life. Whether it still does depends not just on what’s left, but what both of you are willing to create.    5. The Wall – 5 of Swords (Reversed)

A past conflict—perhaps that honest conversation—left wounds, shame, or discomfort. Reversed, this card suggests both parties want peace, but don’t know how to reach it. Pride, fear of vulnerability, or the fear of being misunderstood again are blocking resolution.   Message: There’s no battle now—but the memory of one lingers, keeping both of you guarded.    6. What Happens Next – The Empress

This is tender. The Empress suggests something nurturing, abundant, emotional, feminine in nature is coming. It could be a softening—within you, around you, or from her. Not necessarily a reunion, but the return of gentleness. Self-love is emphasized. There’s potential for growth—but it may not be in the direction you expect.   Message: Whatever happens next will feed your heart—but not in the way obsession starves it. Think healing over outcome.    7. What You Need – 4 of Pentacles (Reversed)

Let go. Not necessarily of her—but of control, of trying to decipher every sign, of gripping the past with white knuckles. This card inverted urges you to loosen your hold—not on love, but on fear. On the fear that it meant nothing, or that if you stop holding on, it disappears completely.   Message: You don’t need answers—you need release. Free yourself from the idea that you must do something right now. Let space breathe through this.    Final Reflection

This connection did matter. She still feels something—but it’s locked beneath layers of duty, focus, and distance. Her watching your stories is a symptom of unfinished feeling, not a sign of present commitment. You are not imagining things—but you are at risk of mistaking static for signal.

You are worthy of more than ambiguity. The Empress promises a return to fullness—whether from her or within yourself. That’s where your energy belongs now.

### Wednesday, April 23rd, 2025

 Come on, don't leave me, it can't be that easy, babeIf you believe me, I guese I'll get on a planeFly to your city excited to see your faceHold me, console me, and then I'll leave without a trace  —No One Noticed. The Marías  It is getting more and more common for me to come back home in the late hours of the night and not even try to write. Do I even like doing this? Is there an use to recording and narrating what happens to me and how it affects me?

The website where I write this gives me the opportunity of mending up skipped days by writing twice as much. One thousand five hundred words. How many emotions can fit in fifteen hundred words? Do I even feel that much after the chemical calmness from my medication?

Yesterday, sitting right here, on the white and uncomfortable desk chair that I got when I furnished this apartment, while I waited for Fabiola to sign on on Zoom and start the session. Last session, after asking me about the concert, she proposed giving a pause to the theme of Clara . Stop looking for meaning in there. I sipped on my coffee and took a bite to the granola bar that would serve as my breakfast while I tried—unsuccessfully—to think back to what had happened the week before.

As I mentioned to her today, just the day before it had been one of those days where I fight with my depression pushing me down the bed and forbidding me from living and lose. I lost until the early evening, too late to meet with Aliza for the plans we had to meet at La graine brûlée.

In the fifteen minutes that I waited for her—secretly hoping that clock's hand would arrive to that quarter mark before she appeared; not unlike when I was a teenager and would expect the professor to miss a similar deadline before the class was deemed cancelled—I did not remember nor thought back about the events of that day before.  Alda > Do you want to do smth today after ur therapy?

Sofélia > honestly i don’t, but i prob should   While I showered and got ready, Sonny and Alda figured out the details about our improptu day outside. They found this place—a café, they thought—with an amazing view of the city up from the 45th floor of Place Ville Maria. When Alda shared the details with me, she added how it closes at 16h and opens up again at 17h; we could set the latter as our rendez-vous time. Afterwards, for dinner, we could go to Arepera. I assumed she would say yes, but still sent her a text confirming it would be fine if I invited Majo.

María reached back fairly quickly saying she had a patient that day, but maybe she could join us for the dinner portion of our plans. We agreed that I would update her on our location whenever she told me she was free to leave.

Sonny and I headed, still thinking it was a café, left my apartment with plenty of time before the agreed 17h. I do not remember if we took the 30 bus outside my house. Probably not, since I have half-memories of recognizing our way back to Bonaventura station later that evening.

As we got to the fancy tower and I explored our way up, I felt a strange sense of dejà vu. Then I remembered two years ago when I traversed a similar path upstairs somewhere towards an expensive brunch place for Aliza's birthday.

I figured out our way without many issues. When we made it to the final floor, I approached one of the two ends hidden behind black curtains and someone came out of them.

— On cherche Soren 45.

— Vous l'avez trouvé. Deux personnes ?

— Non, trois personnes.

— Suivez-moi.

The host grabbed three menus and led us to a bar by one of the windows. Without opening the menus, I figured out the place was going to be one of those terrases with inflated prices that are definitely not worth it. To further justify my annoyance, on the whole menu there were but two items without alcohol. The first one was a mocktail containing strawberries, cherries, and some other fruits that I cannot tolerate. The second was a matcha cream with honey. Sonny noticed my frustration and said she would pay for mine. Her glass of wine ended up being cheaper than my tiny glass of seaweed-tasting green tea.

Our drinks arrived before Alda. She had a much harder time than me finding her way to the place. After a a series of texts, a video call, and me heading outside the curtain to bring her to our bar, she made it. She brought with her a box of lebanese sweets for me and Sonny. I forgot now what was the name of the cocktail she got for herself.

Majo texted me around 18h, that she was ready to leave. We considered meeting at la arepera, but decided instead to meet at the bottom of the tower. By the time we got our bills, paid, headed down, and found a restroom on the way to the metro, I realized it would be better to meet at Sherbrooke and just walk together to the Venezuelan place.

We got first to the familiar metro station. While we waited for our fourth companion, I took two long-exposure photographs of the trains in both direction arriving to the platform.

The walk towards Arepera felt much shorter than it really was. We sat down and ordered our food. I got myself a vegan one with plantain, beans and avocado. It was not as good is I was expecting it to be.

I had told both Sonny and Alda before. I did not tell Fabiola today. When Majo asked me if Clara had texted, I said no, but that she would soon. Then I gave her the full context for my last message.

Yesterday, browsing Instagram, I saw a post from Cinéma Moderne for a series of short films made by Québécois newcomer directors. I proposed Sonny to go see them. I went into their website to read more information and buy the tickets. It was somewhere on the way there, that I got the promotion of a new date for the 4K screening of Princess Mononoke. A mixture of curiosity and hope pushed me to click on the button that led me to find an almost-full theatre available for it. It was the same Tuesday, but a couple of hours after. I did not buy the tickets for the short films, not yet.  Soffiafdz > hey! i just saw there’s another 4k screening of princess mononoke next tuesday at 21h15. thought of you, would you still want to go?   I sent the text Tuesday, a week before of the screening, at almost precisely 16h. That day, not only did she not come back to review the stories I posted, she did not even see the ones of that evening at all before I went to bed.

Sitting down at Arepera, after finishing our food, right when Majo was sharing her latest development with Seline, I grabbed my phone and looked myself in the camera app. My hair looked particularly good that day. I stopped listening when I pressed the record button and saved a clip of around 10 seconds of me looking directly at the camera, slowly moving my head to show off the curls that have been slowly growing this year. That was the first video that Clara did not watch.

We did not have the baby talk until Else's.

Leaving the restaurant, I walked towards the new stands by their corner offering their different types of flour. Among the bags, there was a single black beanie. The price tag was illegible, so we asked for it. When it turned out to be, in fact, 10 CAD, I bought it to Sonny.

We were walking back through Prince-Arthur, when we passed by a brewery, and someone, probably Alda, mentioned they could use a drink. Even though I had no plans of drinking, I grabbed to that opportunity and held on to it. We almost went inside it, but its size and lack of appropriate seating dissuaded some of us. I remembered Else's and proposed it as a viable alternative.

We got there and, from outside we could see that the bar was completely full. Thankfully, Alda had the initiative to go inside and ask. The waiters told her that one table would be available between maybe five and ten minutes. We decided to wait.

As promised, less than 15 minutes of waiting between the two doors of the entrance, we got a table in the louder than expected bar. We ordered our drinks and continued with our conversations. Not unlike before with Seline's subject, I dissasociated for a significant portion of what Majo was sharing about her motherhood conflict born out of her PhD project. It was the very last sentence that brought me in, when she said that she was admitting it now: she wanted a baby.

Little by little, the plan started forming. It might have been me who put everything in motion, when I asked Majo, directly, "what are you going to do about it?"

She told us how she definitely would not do it alone—she needed a partner; without it, there was no way she would do anything.

"Does it have to be a partner?", I pushed again. "I mean, a romantic partner?"

When she said no, then it was when everything started. Queer motherhood. The bond of friendship. IVF. The four of us all getting together to raise a single baby. Where to live; what language to teach—what language to learn.

I told Fabiola today, in our rescheduled session, how I never got sure about how serious they were. Everyone makes this kind of silly plans. If neither of us gets married by when we are 35, let's marry each other. Even I had made one of those with Paty.

But the anxiety and the fear that the conversation awoke in me, those felt serious and real.

Alda ended up being who volunteered to carry the baby. Majo had no desire for the baby to carry her DNA. Sonny did, but she could compromise. I held onto my chair hoping that nobody would think about it and mention it, I felt a sort of appreciation that if they had thought about it they decided not to bring it up.

"Do you want it to have yours?" finally did ask Alda, looking straight at me. Despite being drowned in the loud conversations of the whole bar, I heard the question loud and clear.

"I don't know."



### Thursday, April 24th, 2025

"What is going on?"

"Nothing. I just remembered too much."  A couple of minutes ago, I opened up the Instagram app on my phone. I went to the search button and went to the Cinéma Moderne account. Sonny and I already have our tickets for next Tuesday series of short films. I clicked on the cinéma's linktree. On their specific site with different buttons for their showings, I scrolled down, already familiar with it, until I got to the one for Princess Mononoke. With a touch, I asked it to show me its screening dates. I selected the one for Tuesday night. I do not think I felt relief when I saw still several available seats. I did not feel content with the fact that most of them were on the edges of the rows. It was the first movie we saw on our third date, when Clara told me she prefers seating by the end of the row—easy access to the exits. I might have felt disappointed if all seats were gone, or there were not two adjacent ones. She still has not opened the message from two days ago inviting her to join me.

I cannot fathom how she can go days without seeing what I had to say. How can she feel the need to revisit my profile and see again the 24h photos or videos I posted, but not read the words that I specifically wrote for her? She must have seen it—probably the same day it arrived, from the notification that comes with it. She probably saw that it was yet another effort from my end to keep whatever it is that is between us alive. She must be too busy to have to think of what to reply; how to get out of it, how to say no, without hurting me—or maybe just to figure out if she wants to see me at all.  All week I have been waiting for an email from Louis. Unsure whether Monday or Tuesday would be his return from the week off, I kept logging on looking for his name on my inbox every morning. Today is the day of the week when we have our weekly meetings. If there was going to be a day to hear from him, it was going to be today.

Last night, I could not fall asleep. I spent a couple of hours after midnight conversing with chatGPT about my insecurities as both a writer or a photographer. Afterwards, I used the artificial intelligence to help me figure out the details of the best approach for creating a personal website.  Sonny and I got out of bed after noon. I brewed coffee and cooked breakfast. Around 13h-14h, Louis sent me an email asking how I was doing and giving me the option of have our meeting or not. Salut Sofia. How goes?   Sofía Fernández > Hi, Louis

Still a bit rough on the edges, but getting there.   I took his offer to skip today's meeting—I felt too embarrased to confess to him that more than a week has passed since he sent me back all the documents ready to resubmit my manuscript and I have not yet done it.

We settle on touching base some time next week. I hope by then I have finished the 15 minutes task that, for some reaosn, I keep postponing.  After eating, one of the times I went into the restroom, I was too aware of my own smell. It took me a moment to think back of the last time that I showered. It had been two days that I had been wearing the same white tank top.

Since I was going to shower, I proposed Sonny to do something, go somewhere. She had been mentioning going to Mount Royal since she arrived. The high temperature outside made it a good occasion for doing to today.

I put one of the pair of pants that I bought recently, the last time I went to develop pictures.

After the mini-hike and climbing the countless flights of stairs to get up to the view from the Chalet, it rained on us for 5 minutes. I posted a short 10-second video on IG.

We continued our walk towards the small Lac aux castors, where we set camp, sat down and read for a bit. Clara opened the story—but not the message—around 30 minutes after I posted, before I uploaded a follow-up picture that Sonny took of me. She saw that one not much later. We stayed there until we made use of the golden hour to increase the small number on the counter of my canon half-35 camera.

We walked off the park and took the 144 bus to Thomson house, where we had dinner.

### Friday, April 25th, 2025

 My language is the last thing I give.

I live all my days in languages that are not mine.

One is the language of daily life and strangers;broken, foreign soundsmy mouth still stumbles to pronounce;spoken only to the anonymous peoplewhose faces are not meant to be remembered.

Another, more familiar but still not mine:the language of closeness without intimacy.I work in it, make friends, fall for people I barely know.To myself, I write in its words these poems;I whisper in its sounds quiet ideas meant for no one else.

But mine—the one I called out for my mother in when I woke up crying;the one I sang to my teddy bears in;the one that carried my father’s first ‘I’m proud of you';the one I learned to lie in;the one I would pray in after I stopped believing in God;the one I broke my heart in before I knew what love was—its music has to be earned.

There are more nights I’ve given my bodythan nights I’ve whispered Te quiero.I save my language for those who have known meand decided to stay.   I went inside my dark room to fish my bottle and box of medications. I might take them now at 22h30, despite barely starting to write. I have two days left before I have to give myself my next injection. I might increase the dose a little bit to completely forego the midnight erections.

I just swallowed my dreams in pill-form. I have around 30 minutes before they take effect if this is one of the nights they work.

My mum has been texting me almost every day. Right now there are still a couple of messages in blue bubbles that I have not yet addressed. She started the conversation asking about the picture that I uploaded yesterday at the top of the city's mountain: I looked very good in those pants—the pants that I bought maybe a week ago from the Indian place, precisely because they reminded me to the clothes that Helena was wearing during our day in Braga; she used to carry an old film camera in a leather harness, it hangs from her neck in one of the pictures that I took of her hopping on the sea. Yesterday that my mother saw that picture, within the app she sent me a message asking me if I am eating well. This morning I weighted myself and I gained a kilogram from the last time that I stepped over the scale.

Today I did shower and we did go outside. Before going to bed last night, Sonny had proposed we went to Oui mais non. In the morning—more precisely the afternoon since, like all week, we did not get up until midday—I brewed coffee, but we decided not to eat breakfast. We headed outside to the café, but before turning right on Jarry, a sudden change of plans led us to Café Velours. On our way I might have mentioned that the last time I had been there was the day of the concert when I met with Sarah. I purposefully kept to myself that the previous time had been with Clara, even when we were standing, waiting, on the same bus stop where we did not kiss.

I finished the roll that I put in last week inside the basement of the café. There was a woman who was waiting for the bus next to us. When the three of us got inside the train, Sonny went to the back corner of the vehicle, the nameless brunette with the long white coat sat in the row in front of me, a couple of seats to my left, right besides the back doors. I brought my camera out of the backpack that was resting on my lap. I covered my face with it, swallowed my vouyeristic urges, and rather than shoot at her, aimed the lens to my right. When I was about to pulled the trigger, my camera jammed: the roll was finished.

We got out a block before Le studio argentique. I approached the counter, but the man behind it was busy with another costumer. When it was my turned, I greeted him in French and asked him for a roll of Harman Phoenix. We answered and continued our interaction in English.

We walked back towards Sherbrooke before we got to Photo St-Denis. Sonny told me to go inside without her. I left the roll that I had just taken out of the camera and picked up the developed negatives that were waiting for me.

We finished our evening at the library. I picked up the poetry book that was waiting for me on the back of the ground floor. We took the elevator to the third floor where we sat down on the chairs by the large windows and I completed the book that was almost-finished from the reading throughout the day inside the café and our bus trips.

The message I sent Clara early this week remains unseen. I doubt she will acknowledge it before midnight. I will probably get a response during the weekend. I am aware of the possibility that she is waiting until after the night of the movie before opening it.

### Saturday, April 26th, 2025

  De qué me sirven las palabrassi no hay nadanada que escribirmurmurarni gritarque apague estoque me arde adentro.    I am now hoarding drafts of poems and photographs that I dare not to share.

How can at the same time exist both the hunger of being seen and the hesitance of being exposed?

I dreamed something. Monica was there. We were lying down on a couch. Or maybe it was a bed. I wanted to be even closer to her. She told me about her kid and I listened. I do not remember anything else.

I cannot say exactly if the email from the Photolab came before or after the notification from Clara's message. I waited for both, but I expected just one of them.

I convinced Sonny to get out of bed with the promise of coffee. I set to download the compressed directory of the +70 photographs into my iPad as the timer held the pace of the dripping coffee from the V60 onto the plastic carafe.

We were sitting on the couch, persuading my television to connect to my tablet and show us the photographs I was excited to see, when I got the notification. I did not open it. The message was legible from the little window and I read it just as Clara must have done almost a week ago when she first got my invitation.  clarabelais > Hey! Sadly it’s a bit late for me as I wake up at 5 next morning (last week of doing that)   At the moment I did not think; now I cannot help but wonder when did these words take form: were they newborn just as she opened the conversation or has she been keeping them in hear head, prepared and set for whenever she were ready to respond?

How much of a mental effort did it take her to come up with this exactly? Months ago I had noticed how the punctuation in her messages come and goes; a subtle sign of formality that gives away planning. How thought of were the other signs: the mirrorred greeting: nothing more nor less than what she got—was I expecting to see again an old petname that went away with our last kiss?; the Sadly that softens the rejection; the unasked context that my desperation reads as an invitation to not stop, to keep trying—not this time, but do not stop reaching; maybe next week.

I considered not opening the message, unsure for how long. Perhaps a couple of days just like she had done, potentially never—probably soon.

We both showered and prepared for our meeting with Alda and Veronica. The plan finished taking form this very morning. We met at Darling. Sonny and I rode the 30 bus. On our way there, we stopped to try taking a photograph of a mural a couple of blocks before the bar. The camera malfunctioned and we stayed in front of the potential subject a couple of minutes while I wrestled with the shutter mechanism of the camera I gave Sonny. By the time I won the match and took the picture, Alda was outside the bar waiting for us. We ordered food and drinks. We got our stuff before Veronica came and joined us.

Last night I posted the poem I wrote, edited, and finished together with the scan of a selfportrait from the Berlin roll I developed weeks ago. When I woke up and grabbed the phone searching for Clara in its analytics I found her. Before arriving to the bar, most probably on our ride there, I posted two following stories, the first was a regular portrait of me sitting down on my red blanket on a small hill by the lake inside Mt-Royal. The next one was a selfportrait more artistically ambitious. A glanze of me taking the picture was reflected a small vase under the stairs with Le repos written at the bottom; passing through, never meant to stay was the caption I wrote under. It was an offhand comment that Vero throw absentmindedly that made me overthink it and decide to archive it. I cannot remember whether Clara saw them before I did reply back.

I showed the evidence I saved of the notification to Alda. She proposed writing back something casual like ok, np. I said back how I was thinking of not replying and maybe even not opening at all. "Oh, OK. That is a bit cold."

Eventually, later into the evening, I opened the conversation and, not much later, wrote but two words.  soffiafdz > no worries   She has not seen it.

Before we paid our bills, I noticed she had posted a green-haloed story. I started a fight against the stubborn urge to open it and hurt myself with it.

So far, I am winning.

### Sunday, April 27th, 2025

> I've been carrying one night for months.
>
>The memories\
>burning\
>itching\
>beneath my skin.
>
>Out of reach;
>
>like you.

***

I lost shortly after.

I remembered Saturdays are the days Clara has her pole dance classes. My obsessive curiosity turned into a raw carnal impulse to open it. What hid behind the green halo was not her body or even her face, only a glass of something golden, beer or cidre, raised by a left hand with a long thumb nail. The caption was a reference to work—I do not remember enough to try to paraphrase it. I felt defeated and betrayed.

There was another chance: maybe later when I was already in bed or perhaps some time at early morning when I grabbed half-conscious my phone I saw another opportunity to not search for her. This time I held for most of the day.

We had plans with Aliza. I kept asking Sonny to finalize the plans with her. My excuse was my lack of mental energy, but now that I am writing it there is a suspicion that my embarrasment for keep cancelling on her might have something to do with my resistance to reach out again. From midmorning when I was not ready to get out of bed right up until we walked from the metro to the persian café, I kept thinking how I would have wanted to cancel yet another time.

Sonny posted as a story the photograph that showed Aliza while we were sitting on the table by the back of the café. She joked that it could be the cover of a magazine. Aliza agreed, saying it was a really nice picture. I had been thinking of not posting anything more these next days. Sonny tagged me as the photographer. I went to accept the collaboration. Rather than just reupload the same image that most of my contacts who know her would have seen already from her, I added a couple other shots that had the same publishable merit. Of course Sonny was the first person to see it and repost it. I just did precisely what I wanted to avoid by not posting anything by opening up the viewer's list looking a particular name. Fourteen minutes after posting the picture, Clara had already seen it.

When Sonny and I approached the café, there was a group of young adults by the entrance, paused as if they were hesitating entering. I walked through them and Sonny came behind me. The café was full of life and people. I worried that there would not be an available table for the three of us. A glimpse of relief warmed my body when we approached the back and I saw Aliza already in line to order. She had placed her stuff on the large table by the middle of the backroom, fitting to sit 6 people. Behind Sonny and I, when we were greeting and hugging Aliza, were the group of people that were at the entrance. They were looking where to sit.

A waitress approached us—or maybe it was just Aliza; I think she told the barista how she had taken the table and the other said it was alright. Not much later, another iranian women, or maybe the same one, came and asked us if we would mind taking a three-person table that had just vacated to leave the larger one to the larger group. We had no issue with this.

We all ordered our sandwiches and drinks and came back to the smaller table by one of the windows in the back. I looked behind us to a table I had sat several weeks ago. There were two women: one with long, straight golden hair, and the other with shorter, wavy brown hair. The brunnete had such a thin waist it could have fit between my two hands. They stayed at their table, just far enough from us that I could not hear their conversation and answer my wonder if they were on a date.

The table right next to us was shortly after occupied by a couple. To one end there was the guy, dark skin and even darker stubble on her face with a moustache on his upper lip; dark brown curly hair. In front of him was his date, her hair was just as curly as his, with a short haircut that emphasized her rounded locks. Her eyes were green and matched her sweater. She was wearing a long cream skirt. Below it, a glimpse of her legs above her ankles that had not been shaved in months. For some reason, I kept looking back to see her. At one point she reached across the table to the hand of his date, caressing it softly and exploring the inside of his sleeve with his fingers.

They must have left before us, as I remember seeing them stand up, grab their stuff and leave.

The three of us walked back to the same metro station. I remained in silence for most of the trip back. If Majo and Aliza remained in touch, I am sure the latter would mention how I seemed distant and sad. I drafted a poem as I sat at the table between the conversation of the soccer match of Montréal's female team and the green eyes showering with affection her date. I kept thinking of it on the metro ride home, its meaning and its birth, and could not held my tears. Sonny made no mention of it.

When I got home I went straight to bed. I had hesitated sending both this one and the one I wrote yesterday to Majo. I feared that she would react annoyed to yet another undeserved gesture towards Clara. She did not.

I told her how moments before reaching to her I deleted the instagram conversation with Clara. She said how the fact that she does not write to me helps.

I answered back with a metaphor of how I feel like the last person remaining in group chat after everyone had left—incapable of leaving and deleting it.

I showed her then an IG reel that Clara had liked. It was a woman with an unrelated song in the background. The caption read: Reminder: do not to fall in love with anyone right now because you'll lbe leaving the country soon.

At first she did not get it. I explained that the reddish picture at the bottom was the same image that I look for in the list of viewers or the one that surprises me in the unexpected notifications.  Majo > Yeah, una de mis hipótesis es que ella no te quiere querer

>Majo > `She might feel it`\
>Majo > `Pero no quiere sentirlo`

>Sofélia > `idk, if that's true, if it makes me feel better or worse`

>Majo > `Simplemente lo es`

### Monday, April 28th, 2025

>You are not obsessed with Clara;
>you are obsessed with the part of yourself that she exposed and left aching.

***

It was a long way home, but it did not feel like it. We first took a short bus ride from La terrassee Saint-Ambroise to Station Saint-Henri. We tapped our passes, greeted the woman behind the wheel, and headed to the back of the bus. Sonny made a comment about how she had fallen in love with the bus driver.

As we went down the escalator in the metro station I remembered how it is Daniel's station—the closest to his 4 1/2 that he fought dozens, perhaps up to a hundred applicants for it. I looked at the lights and considered taking my camera out. This morning before leaving the apartment I put the Harman Phoenix roll into the Pentax ME. By the end of the evening, after the magic hour at Saint-Henri, I had shot two thirds of the experimental film.

Alda came with us down to the to the same platform and into the same train. Alda and Sonny sat together and I took one of the lone seats by the other end. I was about to nudge Alda when I saw the inside of Lionel-Groulx through the train's windows. Before saying anything I remembered her comment back at Saint-Henri of her plan to ride the metro up to Sherbrooke and from there take the 144 bus that leaves her at her door. I rested down my hand over my thigh.

We passed Guy-Concordia without me noticing. I did not think of Sophie. Last year, after our date, we walked back toward this station. She narrated to me brief snapshots of her life as an undergrad here. Approaching the entrance, she mentioned she would now put on her mask. Perhaps already suspicious we would never see each other again, I asked if I could kiss her. Sure, she said, and pulled it down. I stepped closer and we kissed—brief, clumsy, hollow. Weeks later, after the final text and the silent weeks that preceded it, the memory of the bad kiss did nothing to soften her goodbye.

I did not think of Alexandra, either. One, or maybe two years before Sophie, concluding a two-parted first date, we circled the campus to reach the shuttle bus for the Loyola campus. She raised her hands toward her mask. With it still covering her face, it was as if the question came from her eyes—were they green? Can I kiss you? She pulled the mask down as she stepped closer. I remember the texture of the single golden curl I played with behind her neck. It would not be weeks before she left my life without a goodbye.

Around there must have been where Alda let us know about her change of mind. She decided to get off at Lucien-L'Allier and walk the 20 minutes to her apartment. Hours earlier, at the brasserie, she shared out-load her excitement for sleeping on her bed again. Last night, after watching the Last of Us, she asked to sleep on my couch. By the point she got off the train we had spent 24H the three of us. As soon as the doors closed behind her back Sonny waved at me to join her on the then empty seat beside her.

There was a man standing by the door to my left. I kept glancing at him. I saw his recently cut short blonde hair; like his well-kept beard, it had a reddish tint. He was wearing a navy suit made of either twill or wool. It looked as his body had been made precisely to fit on it. I could not help imagine if under the suit, the hair on his chest all the way down to his sex were as trimmed and reddishly light as the one above his neck. Despite continuously looking his way, I cannot say at which stop he got off.

I do not remember either at what stop the blonde woman got in. She was earing white pants and a cream sweatshirt with the hoodie up. Through it I noticed the ends of her straight golden hair and the emeralds in the eyes shining through her silver-pleated glasses. Never once did she look towards me, always straight ahead, her chin resting on her right hand. I noticed on it a couple of rings and wondered if she had bought all of them herself or if they were gifts. I wondered if she took them off whenever she used that hand to touch herself before falling asleep.

By Mont-Royal Sonny nudged me to ask for the reason of the station's name, why was it called like that if other stations like Guy-Concordia where much closer to the mountain. While I answered talking about the streets that cross the orange line I thought back to another evening where I had gone to Lola Rosa just like we had done earlier, sitting somewhere in the middle of the train, I lifted up my head from Clara's shoulder and she gave me a fleeting kiss on the lips like a whisper, the very last one of its kind.

Passing Rosemont, I thought back to Clara again and the very next time that I saw her and the time I kissed her. This time we were both standing, an air of melancholy between us. When the robotic voiced announced the imminent arrival to which was now her new station, I got closer and placed my hand on her cheek. Bye, I whispered. And like two more whispers I kissed her twice—aware it would be the last and begging her that it wouldn't.

Beaubien was the next stop. I got off at that station almost half a year ago and walked a couple blocks to the bar where I met her. I arrived first and got a table by the back of the bar. I put on a red dress and a full face of make-up. I remember seeing her get through the door and walked towards me without recognizing. I would never had imagined then how many nights afterward would I write here the name of the French woman that came to my end of the table to hug me before taking her brown leather jacket, sitting across me and pass the next 6h of the night talking, laughing with me and exchanging secrets.

Around a month later, she walked me back to the entrance of that same metro station. I might have noticed how she carried with her the urge to bring back one of the two secrets that I offered her that night for free. You said something about kissing me, she murmured into the night, a shy and bold invitation to our first kiss.

Passing Jean-Talon, I wondered: if I succeed in my goal of not reaching out, will I ever hear from her again?

Will the memories of her whispered kisses, tasting of promises or goodbye, come to feel the same as those of Sophie and Alexandra?

Finally, at Jarry, our station, Sonny and I step off the train and walked home.

### Tuesday, April 29th, 2025

> "You look happier"
>
>Thanks I stopped dating


I had to get out of bed. Sonny heard me crying. She rubbed my back, gently. I startled. Earlier today I begged her again not to touch me. I feel like my body screams, I tried to explain. She did not get it. I tried and failed to contain my quiet sobs.

"¿Con quien hablas?"

She was talking with someone on the phone when I went to join her on my bed. Had I seen the liked reel by then or was it after I had set the alarm to get up tomorrow morning?

I did not answer her. She guessed chatGPT while the notifications from Majo kept showing up on my screen. She was not necessarily wrong.

I got out from the bed and my room. I went to the bathroom. Before sitting down on the toilet and cleaning my face I looked straight at myself on the mirror.

You are 32. Why are you crying about this? How can you be so hurt for this nonsense?

I came out to the living room. I did not want to turn on the lights. I grabbed my laptop and started writing, even though I cannot see without my glasses and the tears drowning my eyes.

At the Cinéma Sonny posted a photography of the theater before it got full by the other expectators. I asked her to tag me so I could post it myself, betraying yesterday's intent of stopping setting baits. I was not quick enough to upload it before the start of the shorts. By the time the films ended, it was the time that I had decided I would pick up the sharing of the series of self-portraits. Hours later, after having dinner, sorting out the expenses of the past weeks, and even washing the dishes while Sonny was already lying on bed talking on the phone with somebody, I grabbed my phone and looked at the people who had seen the two pictures. Clara was at the top. I reopenned that old note where I had recorded the time of her visits with the intention of catching her on her returns.

It was 23h30 when she showed up. The first thought I had was her reason for rejecting my invitation for the movie this evening was that it was too late. I then reconsidered and judged myself for my unfairness. Perhaps she had put off opening the orange circle surrounding my own portrait on her screen as much as possible, up to her being in her own bed ready to fall asleep.

That was how I was when I clicked on the reels tab. I saw her orange-tinted picture that by now has been ingrained in a specific part of the back of my mind at the top right corner on the small button that invites me to browse what my contacts have seen and liked. The first video was one liked by Paty. It was of a man pasting a phrase on a telephone pole. An open question whether the writer and their object have coincided in thinking of each other. I swiped down and then I saw the vide of the woman hopping on the beach with the caption above about being happier after stopping dating.

The background music on loop went over and over as I reread the white letters and looked down to the orange circle I have memorised. She stopped. She was dating and now she has stopped. She implied it several times, she did not date much besides me. And now she stopped. She stopped me and now she is happier.

I swiped down to escape from it—not just once, but a handful of times. Something pulled me back. I saw the picture and considered clicking on it, opening up the box where I could write a message that would be delivered right to her bed, nudge her to sleep even if she were to ignore it and pretend she did not see it. I tried to find the right words, sharp enough they could cut her fingers as she opened the message; I wanted her to bleed just like how I felt I was bleeding from inside.

I sent the image to Majo.  Majo > Tú también te sientes así

>Majo > `You hate dating`

She was right. I even said it when Clara and I met. Since you hate first dates so much we can skip it since we technically almost had one already. But that was why I liked her so much, because she was the exception. Written on one of the notes we exchanged back in December, she made dating enjoyable.

Sofélia > no quiero volver a pasar por esto

>Majo > `Salir con alguien?`

I did not answer and Majo started telling me about this couple that sat with her and her supervisor. They had been married for over 20 years. All throughout the dinner the kept complaining about each other. All this time, they complained as they held hands. Majo's supervisor said she saw them happy. Majo thought to herself that they seemed like they were together because they were supposed to.

>Sofélia > `tener una sola noche`\
>`querer a alguien y recibier, lo que sea que he estado recibiendo`

### Wednesday, April 30th, 2025

>**I turned,\
>but you were not there.**
>
>I passed the bar where we met;\
>through that door,\
>you entered my life.\
>I watched you search\
>and smile\
>when you found me.\
>Today,\
>I did not go in.
>
>I took the metro\
>where you used to live.\
>At the entrance,\
>under midnight’s quiet glow,\
>our first kiss born in a whisper.\
>Today,\
>you do not live there.
>
>I got off at my station.\
>On the escalator\
>toward the waking world,\
>I glanced back at the spot\
>where I waited for you\
>the night we were.\
>Today,\
>I am no longer waiting.
>
>I keep seeing you in the places\
>where we are no more.
>
>Today,\
>I wandered through the ruins\
>of a city we once conquered.

***

It was another day that it started against my will.

Perhaps particularly from the night before, I had no energy to get up. The first half of the last day of the month passed outside my bed covers. Earlier in the morning, a rough turn threw away my phone through the crack between the bed and the wall. Out of reach. I no longer have anything to look for on it in the morning.

I thought back to the night before. I do not remember if after rescuing my phone I looked again to the reel with the orange-tinted seal at the bottom. I felt ridiculed by the memory of feeling so hurt by an indirect, and potentially meaningless gesture. I do not know what is worse, whether she thought about me when reading or I did not go through her mind at all.

Miriam's name is written down on my leather planner. We were supposed to meet today. The urge of sending a vague excuse and cancel was stuck in my throat. I brewed coffee despite it being past 13h to try to wash it down.

Yesterday Louis reached out in an email. It is still in my inbox, opened but unacknowledged. I sat down in front of the computer with the hot cup of coffee. I should have opened up the documents of my manuscript and worked on them. I do not even know what is the reason that made it impossible.

I did open my inbox again and saw more than a dozen new messages. Further down, the specific section set aside for Louis had a red two behind his name. I clicked on it and ignored the rest. The first thing that opened up was not a letter, but an automatic invitation. At the top it was titled with June 2nd. One of the things that remained pending after my cancelled meeting last week was whether Danilo had responded back confirming his availability for the new date of my seminar. I clicked on the green button marking my approval. Later I wil lneed to recreate another invitation just like that to formalize this second date. Do I feel relieved or unsettled by having this confirmation?

Miriam reached out early to me through instagram. She first asked how I was doing. It was a perfect opportunity to come up with something. Instead, I just said that I had a rough morning, but getting through it. She continued by asking if we could postpone our evening out to next week. Her work was her excuse. I excitedly agreed and then offered the unasked context about considering cancelling myself.

I continued overworking ChatGPT asking it to review and evaluate the potential merit of my journal entries from almost a decade ago. It kept pretending of doing a great work, until I looked into its output in detail and realize that most of it was hallucinated. Three times I spent more than an hour before realizing all that I have gotten was untrustworthy.

The first time that it happened, Sonny came to me and told me she would not be eating breakfast with me as she soon would join Alda in going to La Toxica. Since my plans were cancelled, I decided to join them. She moved the time they agreed to meet 30 minutes so I would have enough time to shower.

Sonny and I walked to the restaurant. On our way, I kept my Pentax camera attached to my wrist. My intention was to try and finish shooting the roll of H. Phoenix.

We did not have to wait to Alda's arrival for long. We had our food and continued the rest of the day walking through Saint-Hubert street in the direction opposite to my house.

As we approached the block of Chez Ernest, I started to feel uneasy. Several times, on the 30 bus, we have passed through the A&W where we concluded that night. Never, on any of those times, have I been able to look outside and find the bar.

"Around here is the bar where we came with Vero and had Absynthe," said Alda outloud.

"That was the bar where I met Clara the next day." I completed the missing information.

I looked at it, its door, its windows, the empty terrasse that was too late in November for it to be present. I felt a huge weight in my chest. I looked away and sighed, but neither the bar nor the mass of emptiness inside me went away. We continued walking.

We said good-bye to Alda outside the McDonald's close to that A&W. Sonny and I headed toward the metro since the bus 30 would not come but in 18 minutes. Every time that I pass by Beaubien station, I kept thinking of it as Clara's station. Sometimes I would look around, as if there were a chance I could find her. Every time I then correct myself telling me that she moved away—from Beaubien and from me.
