# 2024 — 31 years old

## January, 2024

### Sunday, January 28th, 2024
_You? Are you still in burnout/mayhem mode?_

I noticed that I would mostly write in this journal about women.
Women I dated or women I wanted to date.
I think back to last year and realize that, most probably,
the last entry was about my night with the French Girl.
If I am mistaken, I won't have any record of her name.
Last year I deleted my Tinder account where I could find our conversation.

Sonny is lying down on my bed.
She is still a bit hungover from being out last night.
We went to _Bon Délire_ with Alda and Aliza to celebrate the news that I was
awarded the Alfonso Caso medal for my master's.
She still has two weeks left before she flies back to _México_.

I told her I would not talk again—or at least for the rest of the night—about
_ph_, the _girl with the cat_.
Were I to do it, I'd let her grab my breasts without reprimands.

It was hard.
Maybe that's why I decided to come out of bed and grabbed my laptop to write
it here.

I feel uncomfortable with the idea of continuing to think about her.
That while she ruminates in my mind,
my texts stay unreplied—or unseen, even—in her phone.

I met her last month, last year.
I had taken out the fact of my transness from my hinge profile,
rendering it more active.
I sent her a comment about how I liked her name and she matched me almost
immediately, apparently, the joke flying over her head.

For some reason, instead of ignoring her text for, at least, a couple of
hours, I acknowledged her and let a conversation blossom.
There was something different in our exchange that escapes description.
We chatted for a couple of days and Sunday she asked me out for drinks.

I was excited but a little nervous about the idea.
Not much before, another girl had asked me out and I cancelled her because
I felt overwhelmed by the idea of getting rejected by the end of our date.
I accepted Sophie but warned her that most of my week's afternoons were taken
by my French classes.
Friday I would be flying out to _México_ for the holidays.
She would test again and, were she negative, we could go out some time before
my departure on Friday.
If not, we could wait for the new year.
She accompanied her goodbye confirming that she'd update me the next day.

Tuesday we settled for the next day's _5 à 7_, before her planned concert.
We met at _station Saint Laurent_ with the plan to look for a bar around the
venue of her concert.
We ended up at _Bar Pamplemousse_.
We ordered a pint of beers each but I can't remember if we got a second.
Perhaps she got a cocktail.
We talked about McGill, Cuba, and _La chupitería_.
She apologized about the briefness of our date and let me know that she
was enjoying my company and would certainly wish to do it again.
Maybe when I came back from my trips we could meet again for a longer night.
I thought about the many times that I have heard that lie from other mouths
and I did not fully believe her.

Did I think about kissing her?

I walked her to her venue.
She called her friend.
We hugged good-bye.

Later that night, I got a text from her.

"Hey! I had a lovely time", she added a blue heart,
"Safe travels back home & to Cuba!"

I replied back reassuring her that not only was she not out of her game,
but it had been one of the best dates I had had.
I wished her _Happy holidays_.
She echoed my wishes and we did not talk while I spent my Christmas with my
family in Baja California, or new year's eve party in a disco inside a cave in
Trinidad, or my birthday in Manhattan.

I broke our silence on the evening of my arrival to "Montréal".

_Omg hi_, was the prefix to her Happy new year wishes.
We picked it up right where we had left it.
Not many messages and not many days later, she asked me out again for a second
date where I could tell her all of my stories over a meal.
We settled on _L'Espace Public_ for the weekend.

The Saturday's morning I texted her asking her for the time she wanted to meet.
Sonny and I went to do laundry.
I grabbed _Flowers for Algernon_ from the small library inside the _buanderette_.
When our clothes were all dry and folded,
we decided to grab brunch at _L'oufrier_ across the street.
At the table waiting for our food,
still carrying the uncertainty of an unreplied text,
I asked Sonny if she thought I'd meet her.
She got it right when she said no.

At 14h43 Sophie apologized and explained that her chronic pain condition had
flared rendering her bed-ridden.
I told her I understood.

I debated the idea of still going out.
In my conversation with Tirza, where I had mentioned my odyssey of escaping
Varadero, I brought up the idea of meeting that same night,
given that it had recently been freed up.
Unfortunately, she was just leaving on a ski trip,
otherwise she would have definitely accepted.
_Maybe next week?_

Not much later Sophie apologized again and reassured me she was looking forward
to seeing me; as soon as she felt better she would look forward to catch up.
Instead of a point, she ended her message with a red heart.

Next day I asked her how she was doing.
While I had never had experienced with chronic pain,
I was familiar to the idea of cancelling plans due to not being able to get
out of bed.
I confessed that I was also excited to meet her.

On Monday, she replied saying she was feeling better, though still a little groggy.
She asked how my week looked.
This term on French my classes, while online, still take most of my week.
I had tentatively offered either Thursday or Friday to meet with Tirza.
Saturday I had invited my friends to _Dieu du ciel!_ to celebrate my birthday.

Wednesday, she resurfaced sharing that she was currently on a leave from
work—thus my proposition of going for lunch somewhere close to work was a
no-go—but could tell me all about her end-of-year burnout moment when we met,
and proposed a Sunday brunch.
I offered the idea of meeting her at one of the two brunch places I knew
around my neighborhood.
One of them the one I went to on my last french date.
The date with the girl who worked on movies and who insisted I text her so we
could meet again, just to later reject me saying that she had not felt a real
connection and thus did not see it moving anywhere.

She agreed.

"How much of a morning person are you?", I asked her,
"I have the advantage of closeness, so you can pick the time."

"Hmm, I'm going to be totally up front and say that I am not the MOST
mornings of morning people, but I can commit to like a 10h30 Sunday event
for sure."

Friday, I met Tirza after having dinner with Sonny at _Arepera_ and a pint at
_Bifteck_.
During dinner, Tirza texted me to confirm our meeting given that the sensation
of cold was around the -20°C.
A part of me hoped she would cancel, but we met each other at "Réservoir".
The date ended with the very familiar _text me if you want to do this again_,
except that this time it was not me who said it.

Saturday I went with Alda and Sonny to have breakfast at _St Viateur_ and
look for clothes at some _friperies_ around the area.
We considered having some ramen at the place Tirza had recommended the night
before, but we headed straight to the _Brasserie_.

Sunday morning I woke up hungover.
I showered and put on the salmon sweatshirt that I had bought the night before.
The suggested plan was to had dinner at _Le toasteur_.
I remembered the morning I went there with that other québécoise girl
the wait time was over an hour.
I made a back up reservation at Mesón, at 11h.
Coincidentally, Aliza would also be at that same place at noon.
I arrived at _Le toasteur_ and wandered around the entrance,
hesitant of going in and asking for the wait time.
I wanted for her to arrive before I'd share my plans.
Would she be impressed by my thoughtfulness?
Except arrive she never did.

"In a devastating twist of events,
I literally just woke up to absolute mayhem & am currently trying to find an
emergency vet for my cat who is throwing up blood.
The universe is out to get me."

I immediately told her that I was sorry to hear that.
I don't think she got how sorry I was.
I offered to ask around for vets thinking of Aliza and Alda—neither of them
knew of any.
I walked to the café next door, ordered myself a latte,
and sat by the window with my phone in my hands.
I took a picture through the window of the bike across the street.
I thought back to the picture I took of the entrance by my apartment in
_des pins_ the day that Alexandra kissed me good-bye two times the last
day I ever saw her.

I sent a last message sharing with her the unfruitful results of my search,
redundantly telling her that there was no need to worry about the date,
and telling her how I just hoped that everything would turn out OK.

All of my messages stayed ignored/unseen until I broke my own promise of not
double-texting a woman I am fixated on again by asking her how her cat was
doing on the night of Tuesday.

Wednesday morning, she liked some of my messages as she tended to do all
throughout our conversation these past few weeks and updated me about her cat.
She sprinkled her text with another red heart.
She finished by acknowledging how understanding I have been.
Immediately after, she asked how I was doing.

Alda told me to wait a day before replying.
Instead, I threw at her four texts that same afternoon.
The first one said I was glad about her cat and how even my friends had asked
about her.
In the second one, I confessed that I had been a bit disappointed even though
I could not think of a better reason for cancelling.
I added the fact that I would have done the exact same thing had it been
Nymeria.
The third one was an update about me;
I had just finished the draft for the AAIC abstract for Philadelphia and had
gotten the unexpected news about the medal.
The fourth and final one was me throwing back the ball,
it was my failed attempt of moving the conversation forward,
it was the door that she left wide open after my invitation letting all the
coldness in instead.

These messages were not responded.
They were not liked.
They were possibly not even opened.
I keep fighting the urge to tell her how I am starting to regret not asking
to kiss her the night we met.

_Hey Kate, are you, uh, like going on a weekend trip to Ontario?_

### Monday, January 29th, 2024
_I don't think you should text her, also.
I know it's surprising coming from me.
It seems like she has some stuff in her life she has to figure out.
Give her some time.
I think she'll actually reply._

After finishing the words last night,
I went back a couple of months looking for Alexia's name.
On the way, I drifted another year and a half,
right up to December where I came back to _Montréal_ to this same situation
of mixed signals and manic-dependance but with a different face.
Two years ago almost to the day,
I tried to follow-up a series of encounters interrupted by a travel to
_México_ and receiving empty promises and long streaks of silences.

Months later I would think about how I would have done things differently if
I could have turn back time.
This is the chance to prove myself right.
Just let happen whatever has to happen.

At 1h I read from that point to the present.
I put down the soup that we had for dinner in the fridge and went back to bed.
I woke Sonny up and we talked about the past for a while.

A couple of hours later, the vibrations from the alarm in my watch woke me up.
I decided to get up and start the day.
I showered, brushed my teeth, brewed some coffee and left for the lab.

Before my French class we agreed on the plan for tomorrow.
I'll leave around the same time as today to work at the lab before my
appointment with Calli.
Sonny has her own session an hour before mine, which she will take home.
At the end of her therapy, she will join me around McGill campus and wait for
mine to finish.
We will then move to Thomson house to end the day there.
No.
I have to come back home around 17h to catch my class.
I hate having the classes online.
It makes it harder to concentrate on what is being taught and
participate actively on the exercises.

Last year, I started the classes offered by
_Le Ministère de l'Immigration, de la Francisation et de l´Integration_.
The evaluator that interviewed me on the phone to assess my level told me I
was halfway between level 2 and 3 before letting me choose which one I'd
prefer to join.
The former would bore me, but latter might be too challenging.
I am not sure on which I ended up.
I found it hard to follow through.
Those first weeks I went through the unfamiliar situation of feeling behind
the rest of the class.
In a bizarre way, it was refreshing not being ahead of everyone.

It didn't last long before I breezed through the grammar and let my
classmates behind.
Still I struggle to understand certain accents.
Most often than not, I try to carry my everyday life in _Montréal_
outside the university in French.

When I asked, they assured me that the financial aid would not be suspended.
I have still not received notification of the first deposit for this term.
The money is the only reason that I have not abandoned the course.
For the first time in a while, I know exactly what I want to talk about with
Calli.

Last night I shared with Sonny that I would cry when my aunts would leave
our house after a visit.
I remember once they proposed to my father to leave while I was away in a room,
to avoid whatever could happen.

I have looked at my phone today much fewer times than this past weekend.
A couple of months ago, in the middle of Fall,
Monica finally came to visit Montréal.
I went to pick her up at the airport as the start of her week-long stay.
Just like with Sonny two years ago and now, we did groceries,
watched movies on my couch, went out to restaurants and finish our day laying
down on the same bed chatting before falling asleep.

Unlike with Sonny,
there was an untrespassable barrier between us under the duvet.

_Staring is rude, you know?_

This past week, after spending a month together,
Sonny and I came to the agreement of make use of the time when the other one
is in the shower to masturbate.

With Monica I felt a similar unbearable urge that I could barely contain to the
moment of her departure, but instead of touching myself, I cut my thighs.

Last night I made the connection that I fear that, with Sophie,
if I don't send a message the conversation will wither just as Monica's did
after her stay.

### Tuesday, January 30th, 2024

_I don't think this is over;
I'm not saying she's going to reply—I can't know that—,
but I really don't think your story with Sophie has come to an end._

It's four in the morning.
Last night I asked Sonny to watch a movie that would make me cry.
We looked for one online—we searched on google,
asked chatGPT,
browsed the internet and our memories—, and we settled on _About time_.

It was around 22h, but the effect of my pills and the sadness that had been
brewing in me all day were too strong.
I finished my half of the beer and asked her to go back to bed.

Yesterday I woke up early—not this early—and went to the lab.
I would have therapy that afternoon and the plan was that Sonny would join me
after hers.
I left the house around 8h.
This time, I decided against buying a croissant.
My coffee was my whole breakfast.
I worked all morning on the response to reviewers from my first paper.
I am frustrated with it.
I want to get it over.

At 13h, I grabbed my stuff and left for Calli's office.
At the Wellness Hub, there was another girl waiting for her turn to be checked in.
The two people in the counters were busy with phone calls.
In a couple of minutes, the waiting room got filled up with students.
In a heartbeat, the announcements of the numbers beeped with hers, and then mine.
As soon as I stepped and exchanged good afternoons,
the lady with a scarf on her head called me by my name and asked me if I was
there to speak with Calli.
She confirmed that I knew where I was going and sent me on my way.

I spoke about what I had been wanting to talk about for the last three weeks.
It took me a while to get it out.
Starting is always easy.
I felt my words come out faster than usual and reminded me of the times that I
worried if speaking too fast was a sign of my potential bipolar disorder.
She was surprised when I told her that the last message of Sophie was asking
about how I was doing.

"What a journey that is."

When my session ended and we rescheduled in the next three weeks,
I went out with my coat in my hand and texted Sonny.
I waited for her at the lobby outside CaPS.
I saw a whiteboard offering walk-ins and considered the idea of going in and
asking about my future.

We walked uphill the rest of the way to Thomson House.
We had burgers and chatted for an hour and a half sharing a pitcher of dark beer.
Calli's last comments were about how the apps are particularly harder on some people.
She added a weirdly, but funny, out-of-place thought that one of them were shorter men.
She made me focus on the times that other people in my life have checked in on me,
or reached out.

A couple of hours later, I mentioned to Sonny,
again,
how the conversation—and potentially the relationship,
too—with Monica had just stopped, and how, similarly,
I stopped talking to those who were once my friends in university.

Going back two years ago,
when I was also worrying about a lack of responses from someone who I had gone
on a date with, I saw the same confessing text that I wanted to send.

_Honestly, I am starting to regret not asking to kiss you when we said
our good-byes._

Except that time, which I had not remembered,
I did send it and I did get a response.
Her proposition to kiss me next time we met was not out of the blue.

This time, it now feels wrong.
The situation is not the same.

"You can double-text her.
Triple, quadruple text", Calli reassured me, "people do that."

I opened my eyes and it was 4h.
I grabbed my phone and, once again,
shared a detailed retelling of the situation with a copy of the texts
exchanged to chatGPT asking for their opinion.
I wanted it to reassure me that she was interested and I wasn't just making it up.
I wanted it to tell me that it was totally fine to reach out and suggest me
the perfect text to break the silence.
Instead, I got an echo of what Alda, Sonny and my own conscience have told me.

"Considering the circumstances, I would give her a bit more time and space,
considering the recent events with her cat and potential stress."

### Wednesday, January 31st, 2024

_In the cathedrals of New York and Rome there is a feeling that you should
just go home and spend a lifetime finding out just where that is._

In an hour I have to get to the computer and sign in to the last French class
of the week.
Yesterday evening there was an issue with my headphones.
I signed in but I couldn't hear anything.
I am pretty sure the professor greeted me and it seemed like I purposefully
ignored him.

All class I was absentminded.
Unlike the day before, this time I was not reading old journal entries.
I got frustrated, like usual, with some of the answers of other students.
I was too tired to try to hide the annoyance from my face.
A couple of minutes before the pause I turned off my camera and just stood there,
on my seat, ignoring the talks that were happening in front of me.

The second half of the class I got an e-mail from MJM, the summary of the week.
I glanced at it and it said how there were 6 articles in Production.
I remembered a couple of days before that the thought crossed my mind that we
did not have enough associates to get the job done.
I had assigned an article to one that remained undone.
I had to do it myself in a rush after sending the wrong document to the author
to proofread.
I replied to everyone on the summary e-mail asking the section editors to
assign the articles to both Viet and me whenever they would send them to
Production.
I also wrote another e-mail to Sera and Bennett sharing the situation and my
worries about the lack of personnel.
With the help of chatGPT, I sent an e-mail to the two associates who had
been unresponsive.
This morning I got two e-mails.
The first one was a different person—who, I don't think, is even in the contact
sheet—telling me that she was excited to collaborate but hadn't yet been
assigned to any articles.
The second was from one of the associates telling me she had been on vacations
and was ready to get to work.

_Recordando el comienzo, fuiste tú quien me buscó; y lo bello que empezaba de
la nada terminó._

I feel a heaviness in my chest; a familiar heaviness of a task undone.
It's not the fact that I haven't worked a single minute today.
I wrote a message to the conversation but did not press send.
I see it there and imagine how it would be read on the other side of the screen.

I put my phone to charge.
I want it far away from me at this moment.
Sonny told me this morning to send it. _...pero no te va a responder._

She's right now sitting in my desk, doing some work for one of her clients.

We woke up pretty late today, past noon.
I almost begged her to get out for coffee and breakfast,
but this time it didn't take long for us to do it.

Tomorrow we'll see Aliza before her departure.
She is going to go on a cruise to the Caribbean.
A friend of hers is getting married and she's one of the bridesmaids.
She really liked Sonny.
I am glad.
They were sitting next to each other on _Dieu du ciel!_;
later in the night, Aliza turned towards Sonny and sheepishly asked her:
_podemos ser amigas?_

Aliza, since the very beginning, told me to text her.
She was not around two years ago.

This is not entirely like that.

When this page was unresponsive, I put the laptop away and went back to my phone.
I read the unsent message as if continuing reading it would clear my mind.
I exited the application and opened up old message conversations.

Last April I went out with Jerica.
We had a coffee and a stroll around _Le Canal de Lachine_.
We talked about our pets, our jobs and our friends.
We talked, and laughed, for hours and hours until the spring sun burnt our backs.
That same day I was supposed to meet Aliza at Church pub,
to which I got there late.
Weeks later she would ask me what had happened with this girl.
We did text for a bit.
This time there were not empty invitations to meet again.
Like all times, the conversation just ended.
One message, out of a sudden and without us noticing, was just the last.

\newpage

