# 2024 — 31 years old

## July, 2024

### Monday, July 1st, 2024

 ¿Me vas a dejar irme otra vez sin besarme?

I'm somewhere around 30 thousand feet over Durango. After spending a week in Mexico City, I am now traveling to Tijuana. My parents are going to be waiting for me at the airport. They will drive me home where Nymi will be waiting for me.

The whole week I've been meaning to sit down and write. I don't remember the last thing I wrote about nor what has happened since.

A lot has happened this week. I don't know really from where to start.

I landed on Mexico City last Friday, on the 21st. I stepped outside the airport and waited for Sonny's car to come to the roundabout. Sonny and Paty were inside; they were coming from a soccer match. We were to a Taco place close to Paty's place. I took a picture of my dinner and posted it as a story on Instagram. I wanted Alda and the rest of people that I knew from Montréal to get a glimpse of my experience here. I also wanted Paty to indirectly know that I had arrived.

I had a only a vague idea of what my next week would be. Cris had asked me to keep open my evening for Saturday. I offered Paty to do the same and she picked Sunday and Monday.

We met with Cris and her guy friend at La Casa de Toño. I was wearing the brown cargo pants that I bought from Sonny, the white Muse t-shirt and a red and black striped bra underneath. I put on contacts and was even wearing make up. Sonny invited Luis, a friend of hers that we had met with before on Zona Rosa many years before. He didn't come until much later into the night. Liz and her boyfriend joined us after Sonny and I were finishing our half-shared meal.

We went to only one bar the whole night. It was the same bar we had come five years ago on the night before I flought to the US. We decided to get a table upstairs by buying a bottle of liquor. We grabbed chairs for our table and chose tequile as our drink for the night. The waitress brought us what would be our first of three bottles.

I felt drunker than how I remembered I ever been. Once, I slipped off with the excuse of going to the table and went downstairs to see the people dancing, the women that had also decided to come to this bar. Earlier that day it had been La marcha lencha; I saw people posting stuff about it. Mar and some of other Sonny's friends texted her to reprimand her about skipping. When I chose my flights, going there was part of the reason why I chose these specific dates. Sonny had told me that she didn't feel it was her thing, but could go with me if I really wanted to attend. I can't remember why I decided to skip it.

Later into the night, between our second and third bottle, Luis, Sonny, and I decided to go downstairs and dance within the mass of people. A coupld of days later I would tell Fabiola during our first in-person session how I felt like the most attractive woman of the whole bar.

I almost kissed Cris. I would've, I think, but Sonny got in the middle of us.

I texted with Paty about the details of our meeting tomorrow. She asked me to go to Chapultepec at around noon. I confirmed that she meant the forest and confessed that I was already a bit too drunk. She wished me to enjoy my night and I did my best to do just that.

At around 2h, Sonny, Louis, his sister, and I left the bar to get some hot dogs that were apparently very good. It was raining. Despite trying to walk under the half-roofs of the buildings, we were soaking wet by the time we got into Luis' car and got a ride to his apartment so we could order our Uber there. Drivers kept cancelling on us. I wanted to pee really bad and would probably not be able to hold it the hour-long ride to Sonny's. Luis invited us to go at his place and then try again with Uber later.

We ended up arriving at Sonny's house at 4h45. Despite being surprised by my unfamiliar confidence in the dance floor, I decided to skip my antipsychotics. The excuse that I gave myself was that the medication would make it harder to get up just a couple of hours later that I would need to to meet with Paty.

Sunday, I wore the same pair of jeans I wore a couple of days before when I landed on Mexico City and that I am wearing right now as I am typing this words and sipping on an almost finished can of Amstel Ultra. I wore the white tank top with the white and black striped bra underneath, almost showing. I wore no make up but I can't remember exactly why.

Paty changed the plan and we then were supposed to meet at the Insurgentes roundabout. I got myself an Uber and arrived earlier than our agreed time. I was still a bit hungover when I was sitting outside the closed metro station waiting for Paty's arrival.

She saw me before I did her. She hugged me for longer than I would have expected and made a comment about how long it had been since the last time we saw each other, as if she had perceived my earlier thoughts. We started walking towards the exit of the roundabout and she grabbed my hand.

We held hands as we approached the same area that I had been there just a couple of hours earlier.

First, we got to a korean place where we had Ramen and dumplings. We ate and talked. After what now feels like hours, I asked for the bill. I payed. She told me that she had been the one who invited me, but I insisted. We walked a bit around Zona Rosa. She suggested that we could buy me a mojito.

We got to a nameless bar and sat ourselves on a table under just a carp despite the threat of rain. We each ordered a litter of mojito and continue with our conversation. I would sometimes take any excuse to reach out and grab her arm or brush her thigh with my knee.

The rain roared around us without disturbing.

She paid this time.

We left during one of the brief moments when the rain had calmed down. We walked just a bit before we took cover inside a plaza nearby. We sat down in the food court without buying anything. I would get closer to her and get drunk with her closeness.

We talked about other women, both hers and mine. After having been more than eight hours together, she subtly suggested to go walk outside as a way to put an end to our day.

We didn't get too far before I took her hint and started ordering my Uber back to Sonny's.

She bought me a mug. I had asked her to hold on to it for me. Both of us suspected that I would later forget to ask for it back, but I didn't. I was holding it on one hand and my phone on the other as we followed my driver getting closer to our pick-up point. She was standing next to me with her head resting on my shoulder as she looked towards my phone.

The white van stopped in front of us. It's doors opened automatically and I climbed inside.   Le petit morceau de coeur qui me manquait

I could not stay awake for the rest of the flight.

I landed on Tijuana not long after midnight. My parents picked me up from the airport and Nymeria was awake to receive me.

I spent most of yesterday sleeping, as if I were tired from the long week in Mexico City that I haven't finished to narrate.

I was supposed to see Paty Monday, as well, but she could not get the day off. On my Uber back to Sonny's, I replied to the text from Aliza's mom and scheduled a meeting the next day to pick up Aliza's medicines from an apartment in La Narvarte.

Monday evening we did just that. I took my camera, but did not take many pictures. This time we did use the public transport. It was my first time riding the cablebus. Our intention was to go to Hop and stay there, one metro station away from the apartment of Aliza's aunt. From where the bus left us to the bar, we made a stop in a shoe store. I can't remember if that was the first day when I borrowed Sonny's father's shoes. It might have been the first time that I started being misgendered despite not wearing overly masculine clothes. I liked a couple of pairs of shoes in there, but they didn't carry my size. After that, we stoped at a pants store. Sonny like the style and colour that the mannequin was wearing.

"Son de hombre," the salesman started before he corrected himself as he realized he was talking himself out of making a sale, "bueno, son unisex."

Sonny tried them on first. We both liked them, so I went inside the small room covered by a red curtain and put them on, as well.

We ended up buying two similar pairs, and I bought a third one in a different colour.

We got to the bar and we were welcomed as women. We ordered a flyer of beers to try out the different beers. When we figured out which one we liked best, we got ourselves a pint and a glass respectively of our favourites. For food, we good a cup of fries, an order of chicken wings, and two single wings with their hottest sauce made from Habanero, Ghost Pepper and Carolina Reaper.

They made us sign a waiver form before bringing us our spicy chicken. I was the first one to try it out. I started by deboning the wing, and then put the whole piece of red meat in my mouth. I tasted flames on my tongue all the way to the start of my throat. I sweated and eyes teared. A sense of urgence and danger was taking form in my chest. I drank water, but it did not dissipate. I remindede myself that it was temporary as I kept rinsing the fire of my throat with the cold water.

"No te la comas." I warned Sonny. She did not listen.

I have a video recording of the desperation in Sonny's face as she kept chugging water.

She did not finish the whole wing.

The hot effect of the wings started to fade around 15 to 20 minutes after we had them. We continued drinking our beers until I got the text from Aliza's mom letting me know she had come back home from her lunch with her sister and was ready to receive me.

I used Sonny's metro card and rode the metrobus for two stations. I got off close to the metro station that I would frequently take every other Sunday when I would go to meet with the people from Yaaj at Ivan's house. I walked the same diagonal street, but took a premature left turn for the appartment that Aliza would live in some years ago during the pandemic.

The doorman asked me for my destination and called in to see if they were expecting me. Aliza´s mom invited me in to sit at their table. We talked about Aliza and her family, their history with thyroid´s issues as a context for the medications that I would fly with me back to Montréal. There was a plastic bag holding two large bags of chips as a reward for my favour. Aliza's aunts filled up a prescription under my name to ease any potential issue that might arise at customs. After around 15 minutes of smalltalk and thanks, I was back on my way to the bar.

This time I took the metro rather than the metrobus. Walking down the stairs inside the metro station, I started feeling a discomfort in my upper stomach. It would mildly come and go.

I forgot to text Sonny as I approached her. I took the wrong turn exiting the metro station and had to turn back. She texted me asking my whereabouts and letting me know she was feeling a bit sick, but I missed her texts of solidarity.

I noticed the second pint she had ordered herself as I approached our table. The glass was almost full. I tried to help her, but I didn't feel like drinking any more.

We stayed a bit more in the bar; I can't remember if we were just trying to finish the cold glass of beer or if we were also waiting for the rain to calm down.

The stomach aches kept returning, getting stronger with each wave. Sonny looked for a pharmacy and went there looking for an antiacid or something to aliviate our pain.

After paying our bill, Sonny felt like sharing our story with the waitress. She told her about her initial intention of sharing a single hot wing between the two of us and how I rejected her idea as I wanted a full one to myself.

I then added to the story how after the effects of the wing had passed, I took upon myself to finish the second half of Sonny's, as I didn't want any food to be thrown away. I made no comment about how the second hit of spiciness was even worse than the first one.

We ordered an Uber to Sonny's house and waited for it by the entrance of the bar.

The stomach aches returned with fury. I could barely sleep for the night. I would remain immobile on Sonny's bed with the hopes that by staying still, the pains would not come back. They always did. At around maybe 4h or 5h, I could finally fall asleep.

There was a mixup with the dates. My appointment with Mar was for Wednesday 26th, rather than Tuesday.

Tuesday we stayed home for most of the day, except for a small trip to the Pulquería close to Sonny's. We were the only clients there. We got ourselves half a litter of curado de avena each. Sonny asked the person if they had food still, and he said it would come soon. I expected a plate of chips or nuts, or some other type of snack, but what came instead were two plates of hot chicken soup with rice and vegetables. John Wick was playing on the television. We ordered a second glass of pulque which we finished around the same time as the movie ended.

By mar's instructions, I had to have a hearty breakfast and be well-hydrated for our appointment Wednesday's afternoon. Sonny prepared eggs with longaniza and brewed coffee that I drank on my new pink mug. We also used the metro from Constitución de 1917 to Nativitas in the blue line. I was wearing the new mustard-coloured man pants and a dark red tank top. As other days, I felt insecured about riding the front train and being seen as a male.

We were greeted by Mar and her dog Bohemia. We accepted the offer for a glass of water and drank them downstairs between smalltalk. We climbed the stairs and Mar asked us to take off our shoes before entering her studio. I welcomed the offer as I still hadn't gotten used to wearing normal shoes. Sonny later would confess that she feels uncomfortable when asked to remove her shoes unexpectedly.

I took a couple of pictures of the place while Mar finished with the designs. The night before, when Sonny and I were watching All of us strangers on her living room, Mar sent us the proposed designs. They were even better than what I was expecting. Now, going back through my memories, I can't recall if she put on both stencils before starting tatooing my arm. It must have been that way, since it makes no sense that she would take off her gloves just to put them back on again after positioning the phoenix on my shoulder.

She asked me with which one I wanted to start; I chose the smaller one on my forearm.

The pain was louder and sharper than what I remembered. I did not grimace nor grunt; I probably gave no sign of it, despite worrying that the second, larger one on my back would be unbearable.

Not even 15 minutes after the needle first pierced my skin was the small leafed branch finished.

The plant-tailed bird on my back was born with less pain than I was expecting. The needle's screeches were manageable, only until the very end with the last branch of the phoenix's tail did I start having trouble holding down the pain. A small red aura surrounded the very last leaf, as gentle moan from my hurt skin.

Sonny scheduled getting together with Paty and Cris to get some coffee somewhere close to downtown. After catching up with Mar's italian ex early in the day, she also invited her to join us.

When we were finished with Mar, Sonny was barely containing her hunger. We decided to look for some place to eat nearby and settled on a place that we missed in the map. I got myself a choripan and Sonny ordered a beef pepito. Both of us had beers with our food.

After eating, we rode the metro all the way to Revolución station. We walked towards the café that Cris had proposed in the chat. Paty and Cris were together by the entrance of the closed place. Sonny had seen there was another one very close by. We got there and ordered a table for 5 people.

Monica, the 5th missing person, arrived before the waitress approached us to take our order. I pointed out how several of the house drinks had cheese in them. I ordered myself an horchata drink instead.

"Ay, pensé que habías dicho mi nombre," the waitress subtly addressed Monica. We all noticed how later through the night, she would get nervous around her. I got on with the joke, but was never sure myself if the special attention was not something just on our eyes.

After our initial drinks, all of us-except Cris, who went with an irish coffee-ordered a carajillo to finish the night.

I paid our bill with my credit card.

We all posed in front of the monument to the revolution for a picture that I later shared on Instragram.

Monica was the first to separate from the group. We all took the metrobus to Buenavista where Cris was the second to split. Paty, Sonny, and I rode the complete green line to Constitución. It was too late to take the cablebús and we didn't have enought battery to order an Uber, so I pushed Sonny to get ourselves a taxi instead.

Early in the week, I sent a message to Fabiola asking her to move our session later to the evening so I wouldn't have to look for a place in Coyoacán to have my call with Louis right before. My plan was to wake up early in the morning and ask Louis to move our meeting earlier, to free up my afternoon and have more time to wander around the city. I woke up to an e-mail from him asking me if I wanted to meet, and letting me know he had some available time slots earlier in the morning.

I showered and went to the Oxxo to get myself and Sonny some coffee, since we had run out.

Paty texted me on Instagram confused about the response from Bertha, the girl she liked but had a girlfriend. She shared, too, another comment from a woman she referred as the single mother. I told her I thought Bertha had indeed broken up with her girlfriend and was interested her. I suggested to post pictures with me to make her jealous. Mañana, she replied. She finished our exchange with a short audioclip letting me know that she would not be able to skip work the next day, but would ask to get out early, around 13h or 14h, so we could eat something good.

On our meeting by Teams, Louis made a comment about the picture of Marianela's quinceañera. We talked about the poster, the payment for the Qrater paper, and the findings that I got expanding the initial HVR analyses. When we finished I went to wake up Sonny. I don't remember if we had breakfast at home again, or if we went somewhere to eat. I recall looking through the maps for the options nearby Doncelesand feeling overwhelmed.

We used the metro again and got off at Bellas Artes, the sky was gray with the threat of rain. We went to a place which name I have already forgotten. We sat close to the balcony, but still inside. I was wearing the blue grayish man pants with the loose Muse t-shirt that failed to cover up the borders of my red bra. With my black jacket covering the openings around my arms that showed the only signs of femininety from my outfit, my appearance was overly masculine.

Sonny ordered several tacos with different fillings. I got myself a taco of cochinita and a torta of pollo con mole. Both of us had a pint of beer with our food.

We left the place and walked towards the street with all of the photography stores. It started rainning, but not as aggresively as other days before. Some of the vendors welcomed me to ask questions or show me their products with a male joven.

I bought nothing, despite finding some half-frame cameras like I've been meaning to get. The prices were much higher than what I was expecting.

Was I disheartened by the constant misgendering throughout the day?

During my whole stay in Mexico City, I never felt as vulnerable passing through the gates where the police guard the entrance to the first train as I did that afternoon when we went from Bellas Artes to Coyoacán.

We borrowed the Coffee Passport from Cris and Paty the night before. We ended up going to Kahwen, a café nearby Fabiola's office. The place was small and intimate. A bunch of tables with chairs were placed in front of the café, by the sidewalk. Inside, it was nothing more than a room with a long bar by the backhouse where the espresso machine and the large italian grinder were.

I took off my jacket and placed it on the coat hanger behind the stool together with my small red backpack. Sonny sat down across the bar in front of me. She ordered a red house drink made of fruit and cold brew. I got myself a boring flat white. We had around two hours to spend before my appointment just a couple of streets away.

We were the only people inside the café. Besides the barista there was another man, who I thought was the barista's boyfriend. Sonny disagreed.

On the second hour, we ordered a full bottle of wine. The barista brought out two glasses and started telling us about the wine as he served us.

When the time came for me to leave, I stood up from the bar and left Sonny with a third of our wine.

I walked down the street, trying to dodge the eyes of strangers.

I got outside my destination and considered sending a text to Fabiola letting her know I was outside. Mere instants after I sent it, I heard a rattle behind the door. She opened the door to let whom I guessed to be her previous client.

She invited me in and guided me up the stairs of the small library that Sonny told me about, pass the balcony and up to a small room by the upper terrace.

She made some comments about finally seeing me in person. The session flowed more freely than other times. I shared with her what I didn't dare telling Aliza nor Sonny about my recent thoughts regarding detransitioning.

I talked about my masculine outfit and the constant misgendering. I thought about the stark contrast of feeling the most attractive person in the whole bar and being dysphorically disgusted by the image of the video that a friend of Sonny took of us window shopping cameras by the city's centre.

I talked about not trusting reality. Be it the reflection of the mirror or the compliments of one-night-lovers.

The session ended. She walked me downstairs and I walked back the same route to Sonny and a half-finished bottle of white wine.

This time there were a group of people sitting on one of the tables outside.

I shared with Sonny how I have been thinking about detransition. She was reasonably surprised, but made no significant comments about it.

"It's not that I want to do it," I assured her, "I just keep thinking about it a lot."

We asked for our bill and I paid with my mexican credit card. We left and the barista and his friends started cleaning the place. Sonny ordered us an Uber back to her house.

I got a message from Paty in Whatsapp. She told me she could meet with me the next day at 12h or 13h, but she had a meeting at 16h30 which would make her have to leave at 16h. I told her I had thought about going to Coyoacán, given Sonny would be taking my luggage in her car to her match. Nonetheless, that was due to me leaving to the airport right after being with her; if she had to leave early and I had enough time to get back to Sonny's house, there was no need to plan our day around Sonny's match. After a brief back and forth, she accepted my proposal to meet in Condesa at 11h30.

Sonny and I watched I saw the TV glow in her living room upstairs. Sonny was able to pick up on the trans themes, but was unsure about it.

"¿De qué trata?, ¿es de cosas gays?"

Before going to bed, after Sonny told me that the metro station that I proposed to meet at was not functioning, I asked Paty to meet at Chilpancingo instead.

The morning of the day of my departure, I texted Paty again asking her to confirm she had gotten my last message.

"No me ignores porque me enamoro."

She reached back with an audio saying she had read the message and thought she had replied back. Lastly, she confirmed our meeting time and said she would hurry.

Sonny got out of bed at around 9h. We went out to the flea market with the intention of getting some breakfast together. The spot we were looking for hadn't set up yet, so we got some tacos de carnitas.

I borrowed Sonny's metro card again. I walked down to the Cablebús. I put money on the card using the machines by the entrance to the metro.

"Voy como el raio makuin solo que hay un poco de tráfico."

I reassured her not to worry and told her that the metro was going very slow, too.

I got to our agreed meeting spot with plenty of time. I climbed the stairs exiting the metro station and saw the big letters of the Tim Horton's across the street. I considered going there and getting myself a coffee while I waited for Paty. I changed my mind after I thought that we would probably have breakfast, and I would want to have my coffee with her.

I wandered around looking for a place where I could sit and wait. Towards the metrobus station, on the corner, there was a large departmental store. I walked to the intersection and waited for the lights to change and let me cross the street to the side of the Tim Horton's.

A lady asked me if Viaducto was a metro station. I confessed to her that, while I thought it was, I had no idea since I wasn't really from the city. She replied that she didn't know either and she was in fact from there. She asked me where I was coming from. I decided against mentioning Canada, and just told her that I am originally from Baja California. We finished crossing the street and she wished me a good day.

I sat down in front of a bolero. A man came to him and sat down on his high chair. I considered taking out my camera and shooting a picture of them.

Around 15 minutes before 11h30, she texted me to let me know that she was already on the metrobus.

I would look towards the people crossing the street and try to fantasize about their lives. With every red bus that approached the stop, I would guess if that were the one from which she would step down.

I lost count of the number of buses that came and went.

At 11h48, she texted me to let me know she was trapped in Insurgentes. The cars would invade the bus lane and make a chaos out of the road. I checked the map and suggested her to get off two stations before, on Sonora, and I could walk and meet her there. She took my offer.

"Va, aber quiene gana"

Halfway there, I saw her silhouette take form in the distance as she walked towards me. We hugged and she grumbled about the missed calls that I did't pick up.

This time, I think it was me who reached out and grabbed her hand.

We walked towards the park. She shared with me her annoyance with the foreigners and their telltale of speaking English. I asked her if she had already eaten breakfast. We could go somewhere around there.

We passed La churrería El Moro. Last time we met, the idea came up of going there since I've never been before in all the years I've lived in the city. I asked her if churros would be enough of a breakfast. She dismissed my concerns, saying she usually has worse. We would keep walking for a bit, before coming back for our sugary food.

She had taken the day off after all. They were going to reprimand her in her evening meeting. She was feeling nervous about it.

We passed by the park and saw all the different dogs being walked. By the big fountain in the centre, on one of the paths hidden by the trees, there was a large group of dogs being trained.

Paty told me how after talking with Bertha the day before, she had said something that made her fall from her graces. It was an off-hand comment that was tinted by classism. They were talking about something that made her exclaim how she didn't understand how people would choose to live outside the city. The comment hit a sensitive spot for Paty. She reminded me how even 5 years ago when we met on Yaaj, she used to live very far away. It is never a choice. That Bertha failed to see that, made her much less attractive.

I wondered which comment have—or might soon—made her lose her attraction to me.

We wandered through the park and continued our walk through the neighbourhood until we circled back to El Moro. We walked inside and went to the window to place our order. She wanted a torta, but they didn't have any. She asked about the milkshakes, but they didn't have those either. We got ourselves four churros, an iced chocolote and an iced café de olla.

We waited for our food. I saw a korean woman approach the cashier and place her order in broken Spanish. I thought about Aliza and her whereabouts. She would be somewhere in Japan.

When our beverages and food were ready, we took them to one of the tables outside. She put her plastic cup on the chair facing the street. I asked her to switch places. I imagined her sitting with her back to the park. That would be a much better background were I to take a picture of her. She suspiciously asked me for the reason behind my request. I don't remember how was it that I convinced her.

I took my camera out of the bag and showed it to her. I went through the basics of how it works, what the different numbers and dials in the lens do, how is it that the aperture opens up for a specific amount of time letting the precisely calculated amount of light inside the back chamber tinting the film. I explained all of this as I pointed the camera towards her and saw her through it. I shot two pictures.

We talked about languages. We went through the different ways to call a loved one in French or in German. When was the last time that anyone called me love?

In our two meetings, I called her mi amor several times. She didn't react in any way. It was not abnormal. When we were in Yaaj, it was common to call everyone baby or love. Once I was in Church pub when Aliza saw our conversation and made a remark of how Paty called me princesa.

She told me about this place that she'd like to take me. I've forgotten most of the details. It's a cementary somewhere in a small town in Hidalgo. Were those plans something like that invitation to take pictures sometimes?

We finished our drinks and our food. We stood up and retook our walk.

If we held hands again, it was mine the one that looked for hers.

We walked through the small corridours framed in plants between the roads. We shared and laughed. We got ourselves to an empty fountain that seemed to be hidden away from the rest of the world. I subtly guided us to sit on the edge of it. She sat besides me, as close as she could. It was still not enough. In the middle of our conversation, sometimes I would raise my leg resting my foot in a small crevice of the stone. My knee would gently push her side. Some other times, she would let her arm fall over my leg. It would not stay there for long.

Time passed much faster than I deserved.

She stayed longer than she had let me know she would have to.

We started walking back. I put my hand through her arm.

Each metrobus stop we passed, I would fear that it would be the one where we would part ways.

¿Qué le diré a mis amigas cuando me pregunten por qué no nos besamos?

"¿Le contaste a alguien que saldrías conmigo?"

She interrupted her own answer telling me about Aylin and Frida to return the question. Why was I asking. I assured her it was only curiosity, but she was not convinced. She asked me again.

Did I scare her?

She started telling me about this app in her phone that shares the location in real time. I felt overly self-conscious and wished that I could turn back time and swallow back my own question.

I said that I had told Sonny, obviously, and Aliza. I made no mention of Alda telling me that she was cute when I shared our picture last Sunday.

We got to the intersection where we were supposed to meet. She was nervous about the meeting she was going to. I offered to go with her to her job and from there leave to Sonny's, but she rejected the idea. She wanted some time to herself. I didn't push it. The plan was then for me to take the metro and she would take the metrobus.

I looked at her and felt a hunger-like sensation in my stomach. A push that tried to convince me to put my hands on her waist and slowly approach her lips.

Instead, I just hugged her.

I saw the light turn green signaling her to cross the street. I was not ready to let her go.

We moved back and I held both of her hands. I looked at her deeply in her eyes, silently begging her to do what I did not dare.

She wished me a nice trip and repeated to both of us how she would look into the Canadian visa and I would have to pay attention to how Halloween is celebrated in Montréal.

We finally parted ways and I couldn't bear the absence of our kiss in our little story.

I took myself back to Sonny's neighbourhood, all the way thinking about the kiss that didn't happen.

Sonny asked me to let her know when I rode the cablebús, and she would try to come pick me up. When I got out of the station, she was sitting in the gray car across the street, waiting for me.

The plan was to drive to Sonny's match and from there, I would order myself an Uber to the airport.

Sonny drove first to Paty's––her Paty, not mine––house to pick up a package. That small detour made her not get to her match on time. There was much more traffic than what we were expecting. I started worrying about the possibility of missing my flight.

Sonny suggested that, as we were actually really close to the airport, she could let me off around the area and I could get my Uber from there.

The ETA kept being pushed further and further. In my head I started doing the math. I told Sonny with the second intention of trying to convince myself that, where I to miss my flight, I could stay in Mexico City for the weekend and that would give me the opportunity to go to Pride.

I fantasized about having a second chance of seeing Paty again. Reaching out to her and meeting with her somewhere during Pride.

Sonny nudged me to check for the prices of the flight Sunday or Monday. The cold numbers ripped me out of my regret-fueled fantasy.

It got to the point that Sonny was no longer able to get there for the first half. She explained to me me how, according to the rules, if she didn't get there before the start of the second half, she would not be allowed to play at all. She got annoyed and upset with Paty's chat conversation. She decided to stop replying, turned off the location she had started to share, and drove me to the airport.

I had texted Paty––mine––asking her how the meeting had gone, before leaving Sonny's house. She did not reply until the next day.

We left the car in the parking lot of the airport. First, we passed to the restrooms. Inside the stall, after peeing, I tucked carefully trying to rig the gamble that is being patted down in security. We made a stop at the Starbucks and Sonny got herself a coffee. We sat down on the small terrace outside the terminal and chatted while she finished it.

Again, for a second time in the day, it was time to part ways. Sonny told me that she would miss me. I reminded her that we would see each other again in less than a week.

The line through security was slow. I passed the full-body scanner without any flags. I walked with plenty of time to spare to the gate of my flight.

As people positioned themselves on the different lines, I decided to remain seated.

A woman with a strong english accent approached me as sir and asked me if I had Whatsapp. I lied to her and turned away.

Despite being one of the last people to board the plane, I still found a spot on the overhead compartments for my luggage. There was a father and a kid sitting next to me on the plane.

I started writing these words, but gave up an hour before landing.

The plane landed on my hometown. My parents picked me up and drove me to the house of my youth. Nymi welcomed me with excited moans and jumps.

The next morning, I woke up to a text from Paty.

"...de la verga. Ya te contaré cuando esté más tranquila" she promised.

She threw back the question to me, asking me about my flight.

I told her about my worry about missing my flight, without making any mention to my secondary fantasy. We continued chatting for a bit, before I fell back to sleep.

That Saturday, while she went to the parade, I spent most of the day sleeping.

I posted a picture of Nymi on Instagram with the caption le petit morceau de coeur qui me manquait. She was one of the many people that liked it.

Sunday, my family and I went to La Macha for breakfast.

I asked them to make a stop at a convenience store to buy lotion for my tattoo.

I took a picture of the sole-less tennis shoes from my tale of Cuba. I sent them to her. When we were sitting on the edge of the waterless fountain, Paty took out her phone and let me get a glimpse of her life. In one of the screencaptures she had sent me during the week, there was a brief message telling her that the sender had had a dream with her. As she opened her Instagram, the large message narrating this dream was in one of the many conversations with unviewed new messages. I rested my head on her shoulder as we both read this third person's dream. The pictures of my shoes, like that intimate dream message, remain unviewed or unacknowledged

Today, I woke up with a fire in my throat and my voice hollow.

