# 2024 — 31 years old

## May, 2024

### Wednesday, May 1st, 2024

 The sink is full of dirty dishes, but I've just given up.  My bed is my only sanctuary.  My mind is only temporarily.  Stuck on the picture of your face,  but I can't block out the memories.   I can still feel your skin.   Fuck you for makin' me this way.   —Fuck U, Frances Forever.

I was dreading the same old question about how I've been doing. How could I answer such a thing?

I've been doing better; I am no longer depressed, stuck in an endless pit of darkness and self pity, trapped in a black hole sucking my emotions and my energy and my will. Instead, I am now overflowing; I am on the edge of a breakdown; a water dam minutes before an inundation; I have sadness and rage battling each other at my throat, my eyes moist and tired, filled with tears of desperation that had found their way out from where they had been lost all this time.

I stayed in bed just until 30 minutes before my session at noon. I struggled to fall asleep last night despite being completely sure of taking the aiding pill as soon as I laid down under the sheets.

Was it last night or this morning when I browsed up Bea's profile and I made everything worse?

Looking for some fun, and if that fun turns into a lovely partnership that would be great too.

The other thing that happened, I am sure occured right before my session. My watch vibrated with the image of a new text. When I saw the name and the adjunct emoji, the first conscious thought that appeared in my mind was that it was not my mum's. Preconsciously I browsed through the different possibilities of people who could be texting me directly to my phone number until the person matched the playful image that I had attached to their name. I arrived to the one according to Kath and the abbacus.

I read her texts through the notifications breaking down on my notification page. The ideas in them are not important. I was mostly concerned with the act of coming out after weeks—or even months?—of silence, of the idea of getting a response from a text that preceded the one I sent Bea last Sunday and even the one that I sent Sophie a month ago, the former unresponded and the latter unopened.

I made no mention of this new event in therapy. Instead I talked about my recently awaken emotions, my crying on the metro station; my inability to present myself to the pharmacy and present my situation with my hormones; my frustration with not being able to know how to deal with people, with understanding them—the second half of the session was dedicated to my recent undeserved illusion with Bea and my misreading of her interest in seeing me again, leading to the disappointing confusion from my latest unattended text.

Fabiola shared with me the impression that hearing my narrations I reminded her of a little girl; someone scared and hidden, unable to handle the world's expectations on her or to understand the adult people in it; but also someone full of innocence and naïveté, easy to be enchanted and fooled by empty gestures or misleading promises.

I am sitting down sipping on warmed up hibiscus tisane and watching the people as they are slowly leaving and emptying up the café that was full when I arrived an hour ago.

I had to get out of the house, I had to escape the incoming wave that I invoke by my impulsive urge to go through old connections, one by one, discarding some and teasing the conversations in others.

"I feel like texting people," I started with Alda; "just had therapy—she told me to do the exact opposite, but whatever—I'm going through old tinder matches, deleting or texting to try to distract myself from texting the latest girl, or worse, Sophie."

"Haha, maybe you should take a break from the girls; thinking about them, texting them..."

"Right," I don't think she got the dismissive nature of my response, since she was unaware that I had thrown my phone to the pillow beside me and rubbed my temples in frustration— to Fabiola I had just shared how I was against telling people about my incident with the pharmacy because of a fair of not being understood.

She had had the same initial suggestion. Maybe it's time to put off trying to connect romantically with people. I retorted how I have been doing that—slyly leaving out that while I go through these cycles of stopping every now and then, this forced hiatuses never last long—and, it would just repeating that same pattern that happened two years ago; I was obsessed with someone for weeks, I dated compulsively for a while to the point of impulsively reaching out to a couple, finally meeting someone willing to have sex with me, misinterpreting their interest in seeing me again, and finally stopping seeing anyone for months after.

I picked up my phone again to share with her something that I had well forgotten.

"I didn't tell you; last week I was tempted to open Grindr. I could do that, move on to guys—chasers. That'd certainly make me feel something."

"Why did you decide against it?"

"Because I knew I was depressed and that I'd probably regret it." The thought of impulsivity and regret reminded me of my worry last night about having the mildest faintest forms of hypomania. "I don't remember if I told you, I texted the couple—the youtubers; they were busy, though.

"I know I told you, but I don't know if you got how I really felt like I needed sex

"Now it's not the sex; now it's just, I don't know, feeling something; it's not boredom, just numbness."

I closed my eyes and finally swallowed the realization that had been bothering me for a while.

"I'm upset—no, I'm mad with both Sophie and this other girl—not that I think they did anything morally wrong, but I am angry at them. That's why I want to text them; which I'm sure I'm going to regret."

I quoted the text where I mentioned Kath's chat's resurrection. "This pissed me off. This is what started everything."

I started with tinder. I deleted the conversations of the girl I suspected was trans and the Sophie that was visiting from the united kingdom. From memory, since I don't feel like turning over my phone, I remember teasing Cam that we could start planning the wedding—I had joked that after matching more than 6 times the only reasonable next step would be to get married—on our eventual next match. I asked the ukranian tattoo artist with whom I was talking about transition what would she change of her if she could change anything, either internally or externally. I texted the French woman living on the woods and sleeping in her van asking her if she had ever looked me up on messenger after asking me to move over ther, or have you been texting with another Sofia all this time? I saw the conversations with both Chloé and Marie-Anne, but in my head I moved them to the bottom of the list.

I moved on to hinge. Either last night or this morning, a girl who hadn't replied for a couple of days brought up the conversation from the archives where I had disposed of it. That was not the first one I replied to. I deleted some of them and left alone the two where I had already reached out. I went back to the French girl whom I invited to text me back, bringing up the fact that she hadn't done it, as if it was something worth of stating out loud; and later acknowledged that I hadn't done it either, as if this unasked insight and admittance of guilt made me somehow less worthy of embarrasment and uncomfortableness. I went to the conversation of the girl who freaked out the moment I mentioned my transness and shot her point-blank with the question if she had meant it when she said whe was okay with being friends betraying my own self-realization that I had no interest in ever pursuing a friendship with her. I teased the French girl whose question in French I had replied-to in English with a cheeky peut-être que j'aurais dû te repondre en français. I finally responded to yesterday's zombie recommendations of the sexuality book and the murderbot series by confessing that the former would be useless for me since it was probably written for bodies different to mine and later sharing that the latter, on the other hand, might be just exactly what I need since I seem to be unable to finish books given I keep starting books recommended by women I meet on dating apps; the irony of it completely flying over my head.

I opened instagram and texted Chloé, asking her about her night shifts; and Marie-Anne, mentioning her latest story and asking her if it meant she was back in Montréal. We exchanged a couple of texts until I the moment I stopped opening her notifications—again, the hipocrisy of it also flying over my head.

### Friday, May 3rd, 2024

"What would be the least pathethic double-text? Asking for a made-up friend.

"Nevermind, my made-up friend just died. RIP. God bless her."

Yesterday I woke up at 3h and couldn't fall back to sleep. I decided to start the day at around 6h. I made a stop at the bakery for an almond croissant and arrived to an empty office. I had my breakfast in silence before starting work.

I felt energetic and jumpy, a bit impulsive. It was hard to stay sitted and working.

Aliza texted me how she and Zacky were the only people in her lab who didn't get FRQS. The vibes were now uncomfortable. I would have hated the artificial guilt-driven niceness.

Before my arrival to the office, Louis sent an e-mail that he would work from home again. Later in the morning, he sent another one to reschedule our personal meetings since he would meet with his family doctor. I picked the earliest timeslot at 11h. I drafted an e-mail with the bulletpoints of what I wanted to talk about and attached the tables and figures that I have made these two weeks he was away.

I didn't do much before our meeting. A couple of minutes to spare, I went outside the office with my water bottle and headphones and sat on the attrium listening to music.

With Louis I talked about the lack of response from Danilo. He confirmed that he had a meeting at 14h, so we agreed that I would ask IPN about the possibility of him leaving early after giving his own feedback. The next day they confirmed that it can be done and I sent out the e-mail setting down the date. We also talked about my papers. He sent an e-mail to Mallar asking him to clarify his request of revision. He, too, replied today with the asked information. For my second paper, we agreed on a list of potential journals to which I can resubmit. I need to draft the cover letter for Brain, our first option, but I can get to that next week. After showing him my advances of results, and posed him my questions of how to move forward, we agreed that it was better to ask someone. We scheduled a meeting with Boris next Monday in the afternoon.

After our meeting, I left the booth and headed back to the office to pick my stuff. It was no longer empty. Daniel and Vlad were inside working. I put on my jacket and grabbed my bag. When I said good-bye, they didn't hear me.

I went towards Hochelage to meet with Alda at Atomic Café. She picked a place close to her French class that had just ended.

I walked to station McGill listening to music. My phone was silently screaming to me full with notifications from the conversations I had stirred the night before. It was burning me. I was tempted with the idea of throwing it in the metro tracks. Instead I double check the general whereabouts of my destionation, took off my headphones, and turned the phone off.

"Imma turn off my phone, if you wanna reach me use your telepathic powers." I texted Alda.

I rode the metro in silence until station Joliette. When I got out of the station I wasn't sure of which direction to walk in. Fortunately, I made the right choice and got to the café where Alda was already sitting inside with her americano.

I got myself a coffee despite having already drunk one in the morning. When we finished it she offered to buy me a beer if I went to the front to order them. We stayed in there long enough that she returned the favour. When we finally left we walked around the street looking for a thrift store she had seen. We did not find it.

I shared with her that I had the gut feeling that something important would happen before the end of the week and the anxiety that, wathever it would be, it would be disappointing.

When we rode the metro, two very drunk people got inside and made everybody uncomfortable. I was glad that I shortly left to change lines. Later, when I texted Alda about her getting home and she told me she had missed her station, she made no mention of them.

I replied to all the people who were awaiting for a response. I deleted more people.

This morning I decided I would not work.

My mum texted me and, like many other times, I worried she was going to tell me that Nymi had died. She sent me two pictures of her after I asked her if she was still alive. Later add that she has been kind of sad and they are taking her tomorrow to get her hair cut and to see the vet.

In the evening I read the journal entry of my night with Bea. I feel the urge to offer it to her as a bribe to see her again.

### Sunday, May 5th, 2024

 I want to see you again.

Marie-Anne texted me yesterday morning. She subtly nudged me to ask her out by asking me for my plans of the week-end. It was a mirror image of how I asked her out the last time. I replied to her by saying I didn't have any plans yet and used the same emoji she had used. I threw back the question at her. She responded that she had nothing planned for today and ended the sentence with the image of an eye.

"Look at that. We'll have to do something to fix that."

"Always here to save the day."

Yesterday started later than usual. I overstayed my now-forgotten dreams. I didn't get up until the skirts of noon. There was nothing much in my Saturday other than scheduling today's date.

I prepared breakfast before brewing my coffee. The day before I had bought a dozen eggs and a can of pringles from the dépanneur. I wanted to top my noodles and ground meat with one or two fried eggs. Despite having leftover meat, I ordered two burgers from KFC last night. This time I did leave the second one for today.

Yesterday I matched with a girl on Hinge. One of her profile queries talked about her worst date story, her response was a tooth was lost in the mix.

That same thing happened on my last date! And then she ghosted me.

She matched me around 20 minutes later asking me if it had been my tooth or hers.

I gave her the answer. I have no way of knowing if she read it or not.

Yesterday I did not go out. I did not shower. I tied my hair in a french braid in order to keep it out of my face.

Paty has gotten a response for her vacations. She got off the bookend days of the first weekend of July. I had told my mum a couple of days before to start scheduling the dental surgery. I confirmed with her with the more precise days. The time will be tight, but I think is enough to fit the two surgeries with their respective week of recovery before my departure to the States.

Linda confirmed that my plan is doable and sent me the website with the detailed process. I should start booking the flights and I must reserve down a hotel room before they run out. That is the first thing that I'll do tomorrow morning when I get to the office.

I have to go to the office tomorrow. I have a meeting with Louis and Boris scheduled after our Neuro meeting.

Yesterday was a year since the death of Anahí, Sonny's friend. She took a flight to Guadalajara to see Anahí's family and attend the mass.

Right now I am sitting on my living room. Black bird is playing on the television. I started watching it yesterday. It has been able to catch my attention. All these past weeks I hadn't been able to watch anything; nothing was interesting enough.

I have been seeing X-men 97. Before that I saw Baby Reindeer.

Last night I was waiting before ordering my take-out dinner; tonight, besides dinner, I am waiting before sending a follow-up text to Marie-Anne.

I am not sure if I still want to do it.

Thursday, when I was with Alda, she made a comment about intrusive thoughts and I let slip out how sometimes when I am going to take the metro, the thought of how easy it would be to push somebody standing there and end their life. I saw the surprise in her face and her immediate urge to hide it. I felt naked and embarrased. The conversation continued and I tried to forget it had happened by pushing the memory to the back of my head.

That was not the only time I felt burdened by something that I let out in conversation. When we were mindstorming the possible disappointing things my gut feeling was foretelling, I joked that I maybe I had gotten pregnant. Later in the evening when we failed to find the thrift store and were on our way to the metro, I told her that another possibility would be that I had gotten the girl pregnant. I felt soiled as the words escaped my mouth and wished I could catch them midway in the air and swallow them back. Even writing them here, I feel crawling ants tickling my spine.

Friday, when I was tempted by the idea of offering my journal to Bea, I sent a message to Alda consulting her if I could ask her two questions without being judged. After a couple of minutes, I decided to delete the text.

Her conversation stayed dormant all these days.

"Se me salió decirle a Alda que tengo pensamientos intrusivos de empujar a la gente en el metro y ya no me habla."

Sonny response was a one-word way of letting me know she was just as taken off as Alda.

"It's the end of the week and nothing's happened yet." I sent to Alda a couple of hours ago. Instantly, I sent he another text making emphasis on yet.

"What about now? Nothing yet?" She replied moments ago.

I thought about telling her about my date of today. I decided against it for some reason.

I offered Marie-Anne to meet her this time somewhere closer to her house. She said there was not much around and was fine with the idea of travelling a little. When I asked her if she had anything in mind, she reminded me she likes coffee. I offered her to have brunch. She told me she would get off at midnight and thus would prefer something not too early. We settled on meeting at Ginkgo at 11h. I remembered how I sat in a swing the last time I went there with Sonny, Vero and Alda. I made a reservation.

This morning I struggled getting out of bed. I postponed my alarm despite being already woken up by the sounds of the kids playing coming through my open window.

This time I also did not wear make up. I wore my denim jacket even though it was raining. Fortunately, I didn't have to stay outside too long waiting for the 30 bus.

I was onboard when I got an IG text from my date letting me known she was on her way and would be arriving in 5 minutes. I told her there was a reservation in my name in case she got there before me.

"You do remember my name, right?"

"Jane Doe, right?" I saw her response when I was standing between the two set of doors of the place. I asked her if she had already gotten in. She wasn't. I considered waiting for her there and getting our table together.

I was sitting down when she texted to ask me where I was. I told her to come inside and she would see me.

She sat down and our date started.

When we ordered, first our coffees and, on the second waitress' coming, our food, she complimented my French. I felt bad about not going on with my initial idea of offering her to have the full date in her native language.

Still, it ended up progressively getting more and more French. She kept apologizing for not being able to form phrases in English and taking my offer to formulate her thoughts in French. I made a comment about how she would let out her québécois accent more and more as she felt more at ease speaking her language. I didn't tell her I found it particularly attractive.

By the time we had finished our food and I ordered a refill on my coffee, she would maintain eye contact more and more.

The waitress was nice enough to not coming continuously to our table or giving us any pressure to leave.

At around 14h, she looked at her phone and told me she should be leaving and maybe go to sleep. I asked for our bills. We took our stuff and left. We were both going to Berri-UQAM, so we walked together.

As we left the café, she opened her umbrella and held it up silently inviting me in.

I thought about asking to kiss her.

Have you ever kissed under the rain?

Do you usually kiss on first dates? Did you want to on ours?

Instead, we just walked.

She asked me if I was going to take the blue line and I corrected her. When we got inside, she hugged me and we parted ways.

I held off texting her until around the time I started writing about our date.

"Alors, tu as-tu pu bien dormir ?"

She replied almost immediately and we continued talking for a bit. The banter flowed even more easy than our conversation earlier.

When I started this entry, the half-formed thought danced in my head how I should not reach out to Bea because I wouldn't be able to handle two rejections if Marie-Anne came back with that very familiar text I get after dates.

### Monday, May 6th, 2024

"Sorry that I didn't ask to kiss you, I thought that with the rain and everything it would've been a bit too romantic."

I fucking hate French class.

I am on the edge of just turning off my camera and stop logging in. These activities are more and more stupid. These can barely be considered an activity. Right now I am on a breakout room, hearing the maddenning white noise coming from the microphone of Hernando. I ignore if Éric porposefully sends me to be with Juan and him because we're all latino or if it's just a combination of bad luck and randomness.

It's been two thirds of the thirty minutes he has given us to complete this and nobody has said a fucking word.

Do I still need the money?

During the pause of French, I texted a bunch of people. I went into most of the conversations that had died and sent another message to bring them back. Some I wanted to, some others were completely meaningless. I did all of them anyway, as if I were to gain anything by completing all of them. In the end, I closed everything by sending the one-sentence over-thought text to Bea. That is the only one that I wish goes unanswered.

Why then did I feel compulsed to do it?

Were she to text me back, more than excitement, I'd feel full of anguish before opening it.

Why then has the thought been hanging around all these days like a curse?

Éric is going around asking for the conjugation of different verbs in the subjonctif.

I turned down my phone over the desk. I feel shivers crawling down my arms despite the temperature being over 24 degrees.

I am again a prisoner of my own impulses.

We are now going still so slowly hearing a set of phrases to differentiate the verbs conjugated in le futur antérieur and those in le futur simple. The professor is repeating the phrases in an even slower voice putting artificial emphasis on the important words.

Meanwhile, the phone is silently screaming at me. It's distracting. I decided to continue writing these words as a way to muffle its callings. It's barely working.

I don't know why I so eagerly want to turn over the screen. Will I feel relieved that nothing has happened yet, or the absence of news will just mean a prevalence of this anxiety?

I should follow Marie-Anne's guidance and take care of my own injuries before I start any kind of relationship, being it serious or not.

Last night we continued our playful conversation without any issue. I could have left it with my second to last message where I told her I would let her sleep since she clearly needed it. Had that been the last message we would've probably gone on a third date some day, instead now I am tempted to stop following her like I did with Chloé; instead now I am writing about her.

"Nevermind, something did happen," I texted Alda at 23h17. "Just in time."

She took her time to see it and I intentionally ignored my phone. When I failed on that task, I saw she had seen my message around 10 minutes before. I thought—and would have definitely preferred it—that the text would be the endpoint of our short story.

What I got instead, was an uncomfortable response.

"Hey, I didn't want to leave you on read, but I was a bit flustered by your message," she started. "I am shy with new people, and we don't know each other very well. I need time to really get any desire to kiss or be affectionate. I still feel a little bit broken and thought I had time to take care of my heart before going through more emotions with it."

The first response that my body and/or mind came up with was to apologize.

I looked up the precise meaning of being flustered. It was still not clear to me when so I just told her I was sorry for making her uncomfortable. That message remained unreplied.

Or at least it did until the morning.

I kept postponing the alarm and thus the start of my day. One of the times that I went to check the amount of time I was losing in bed, I saw the notification of a new message that started saying she was going to write in French in order to better communicate that she had to say to me. I dismissed the notification and remained in bed for another half an hour.

Just like I avoided the morning, I avoided the text until the evening.

I showered and got ready. I could not stay home today, not because of the Neuro meeting—which I could probably could have joined by Teams—, but for the one we had with Bratislav right after.

Despite spending most of the morning lying down with my head buried in my pillow, I was not pressed on time. I left the house around 11h. I considered passing by the bakery to get some breakfast. While I was brewing my coffee, I saw how I had 14 minutes to leave in order to catch the necessary metro that would leave me in the precise moment to take the 144 bus. I made it just in time.

When I stepped out of station Sherbrooke, there were 3 minutes left before the scheduled departure of the bus. I stood in line behind a blond girl wearing green headphones. I did not pay attention on her until we boarded the bus and I sat on the seat behind her. There was something about her neck, white and soft behind a waterfall of yellow strands.

At my stop, I pulled the cord of the same colour and got off.

I walked in through the garage of the gymnasium. I don't think the usual entrance is still cordoned off, but I take this longer path just to avoid the looks of any construction man.

When I got to the office, Daniel was the only one there. Neda arrived before our meeting. Vlad did not come today.

During my morning, I payed for my registration of AAIC. I needed to validate my status as a student before confirming my registration. The e-mail asking for a letter of enrollment said that the process could take between 3 and 5 days. Once that is over, I will be able to book the hotel.

I got an email from the Wellness hub asking me to confirm my appointment with Dr Franck this Thursday morning. It was just 15 minutes before my scheduled appointment for the bloodwork, so I decided to reschedule the latter. I moved it to the following Monday.

Later in the morning, Aliza asked me if I was going to the HBHL summit later this week. She is going to present there. When I tried to register, I saw that I could only get into the wait list for the first day, and that the second one was already sold-out. She mentioned as well the QBIN scientific day that is happening in Concordia. I could register for that one, but it was the same Monday that I had moved on my bloodwork appointment, so I, again, had to move it.

I started working on the technical description of my Qrater software. I did not finish it by the time we started getting up to go to Louis' office.

He told us about his process when looking for papers, reading, annotate, and categorize them for the writing of his grant. It was a casual and amene talk. We talked briefly about the opportunities in the future before the meeting ended at around 14h30.

When we started getting up and putting the chairs back to their place, he offered me to go meet with Bratislav right away. I told him I was free if he was, but wasn't sure that Bratislav would be available. He insisted we could just go up and check. I followed him to almost the same office we had gone a couple of months ago. This time we mistakenly knocked on the wrong door. There was nobody there so we decided to come back later.

I went back down and sat down in my chair without doing any work. I browsed my phone listening to music. A couple of minutes before 15h, I stood up and went towards Louis' office as we had agreed. I met him instead outside the door to the lobby.

We had our meeting with Bratislav. It started with comments about the posters he had framed on his office. They were all of the same director and in the same artistic style. I don't remember which director nor any of the titles. He cleared out some of the doubts we had and gave us some interesting suggestions. When we walked down, we remained on that same spot we had met moments before and cleared up the plans moving forward with the project.

I went back inside and grabbed my stuff. I didn't take the bus nor the green line and instead walked the way to station Sherbrooke.

### Tuesday, May 7th, 2024

"Hey Sofía, I'm sorry for the late reply. I've found someone who I want to explore a relationship with so I can't meet up with you again. I'm really sorry; you are so lovely and I had a nice time and I wish you all the best."

I was lying down in bed, tired of the weight of not having done anything productive throughout the day, when I glanced at my phone and saw the number one atop the messages app. I knew exactly what it presaged.

I focused on the message's bookends, my correctly accentuated name on one end and the red heart on the other. I am starting to hate the sight of red hearts.

This time I didn't fool myself with the naïve idea that I'd be relieved by some sort of calm after having an answer. This end hurt. The disappearance of my unrecognized hopes left a hole inside me that took my breath away.

Four hours; two liters of alcohol. That's all it took. A pleasant conversation; a series smoke-flavoured kisses; a chilly walk to her apartment. One night of caresses, of childhood memories and secrets shared in soft touches and even softer voices.

Is it intimacy what I've been craving for?

I keep telling everyone, from Fabiola, to Alda, Aliza and Sonny, even to myself, that I am not looking for a relationship; that it is not what I want. Why, then, when I read that sentence was I waterboarded by the thought of why couldn't it have been me?

  I talked about it in therapy.

All throughout French class I felt unmotivated and distracted. The professor was busy with something so he gave us the link to 6 pages of activities in Classkick and sent us out to breakout rooms.

I was tempted to turn off my webcam and ignore them, but I felt guilty with the cheerful Fan. The timer on the top of the breakout room marked around 35 minutes. Fortunately, with the help of chatGPT to come up with some ideas for the phrases I finished the complete exercise in around 10 minutes. I turned off my camera and moved on to write the previous paragraphs.

After a while Éric came back to check up on us. I turned my camera back on. Ishea asked him a question. He then asked us if we were all on page 3 then.

"Non, j'ai déjà terminé."

He made a comment about me being super quick, but I had no energy to fake up a smile. He went to check on the document—maybe he wanted to make sure I did have finished it—and corrected some of my mistakes. He considered the idea of giving me another thing to do, but decided against it since we would all be returning soon.

The rest of the class was about correcting together the exercise. Since he had seen mine, I shut off my head and stopped paying attention, except when he called my name twice asking for my response.

I can't remember what I did during the pause.

Several times I felt like crying. I would rub my red eyes and hoped that the definition of my camera was not high enough to let anyone notice that I was not having a good time.

My head is hurting from all the crying. I think I hurt more with this text than the one I got from Sophie—was it a month ago?

When the class finally ended, I logged off without saying good-bye. I had five minutes to go to the restroom before my session with Fabiola. I was still lying down at 11h30, when I texted her asking her if our session was going to be at our usual time or during the evening after my French class. She responded pretty quickly and I were able to continue avoiding the day.

I didn't want to talk about Bea. I didn't want to talk about Marie-Anne. I didn't want to be told that it's better for me to take a break from dating or trying to meet new people in a romantic way.

What hurt the most about Bea's text was the reinforcement of my deep belief that I am not worthy of love. People go out on dates with me, but they won't feel any romantic attraction in person; they can kiss me and take me to their place to have sex, but I am not enough to be the one to have a relationship with.

### Friday, May 10th, 2024

"I mean, you have some good good passing, as a woman."

Dr Franck lowered my dose.

I picked up the medicine from the pharmacy today in the afternoon. I mistook médicaments for médecins. Dr sent only a prescription for the sleeping pills since I had just enough Latuda to last me the following two weeks before our next session.

In the early morning, I sent Louis an e-mail asking him to postpone our meeting together. I wrote that I wasn't feeling very well and had an appointment with a doctor later in the day. I purposefully sent it very early in the morning as if that were to made any difference.

Fortunately, I doubted my own calendar event and double-checked the confirmation e-mail from the Wellness Hub one of the times I went to postpone the alarm. Instead of 10h, this week the appointment was at 8h30. I got out of bed and sat down in front of the computer despite having around 30 minutes before the scheduled call. I could have brewed some coffee in the meantime but lacked the motivation for it.

I told him I've been very depressed and he seemed concerned. He asked me why and if I had talked about it with my therapist from Mexico. I thought about Bea, but I said that I didn't know. After what I thought was a lie, I realized that I had been depressed for two weeks before meeting Bea.

He asked me what I wanted to do. I shared with him my hesitance of increasing the dosage. He let me know that lowering it was also an option. We could try going back to 20mg, maybe the depression was another of the side effects of a high dose. We settled on that.

After the call ended I went back to bed and slept for what felt like the whole week.

Yesterday I matched with a new woman on tinder. She's in vet school in a town 50 km away from the city. She started the conversation asking me about my line of looking at brains for a living. I continued the conversation despite she being so far away, despite telling Aliza that I am over this.

"Wey, hoy tuve noticias de Bea—la del diente—y me pegó y creo que sí quiero una relación," I texted her Tuesday night before asking her for our plans this Saturday.

She had proposed me to meet this weekend. I told her that, after telling me all the gossip from the wedding, I could use the opportunity to let all out concerning what had happened with Bea and my latest date with Marie-Anne. I wanted to tell her the full story about having too much of a good time during the date, losing my tooth during a casual hook-up, and foolishly fall under empty promises; I wanted to tell her, too, about being subtly prompted to go out on a second date with someone who had just realized was not ready for anything romantic.

After all that, I got a response. I got my answer. I got another thing to talk about.

Sabrina, the newest match of tinder, asked me out this weekend. She proposed having a picnic and mentioned Mont-Royal. I offered, instead, going to Canal Lachine or Parc La Fontaine. She decided on the latter. We'll meet on the southwestern corner of the park and look for someplace to get food.

I've gone on several dates on Parc Lafontaine. One of them was with Laura, the colombian girl with whom I take pictures. Another was a French girl with whom I talked about movies. I follow the former on instagram still, she's back in Colombia from what I know. I never texted the latter again. I didn't feel attracted to any of them. I still fell let down when they didn't reach out to me. Were they able to tell I wasn't into them? Am I the only one who is not capable of that? Maybe I don't let myself believe it. Maybe the same reason that pushes me to reach out to people I had mediocre dates is the one that made me text Sophie three weeks after she never responded to my text and reach out a second time to Bea despite fully expecting to be disappointed.

When I first talk with Aliza about meeting early in the week, I told her about a new girl who had asked me out. I hadn't confirmed her yet and wasn't sure I wanted to. I told her it was not a hook-up meeting but rather someone in an open relationship.

"Sí, nada bueno puede pasar, anyway," I texted her. "Me puede ayudar a convencerme de ya dejarlo por la paz."

"Dude, no sabes ni lo que tú ni ella quieren." She was not too convinced.

After Bea's text, I finally let myself say that I want a relationship and I dealt with the bunch of emotions that came with that came with that realization.

In the end I didn't cancel my meeting with Camille. I knew very well that I wouldn't get what I am looking for from her. I confirmed with her about meeting today the same night that I realized for sure that we were not compatible.

We were gonna meet at 14h at La graine brûlée. I could stay in bed until after noon.

The night before was my first night taking the new 20mg dose. It was probably psychological, but I woke up early and I could have probably started my day one of those times that I pushed the alarm. I was not ready to feel better, so I went back to hide in my dreams.

Around 11h, I heard a knock in the door.

I wasn't sure if it had been real or if I had imagined it. I took off the covers and realized that I was in my underwear. Someone knocked on the door again, and I stood up to put on my shorts that were lying on the floor. I became aware that it was Friday morning and I was going to answer the door in my pijamas, with swollen eyes and morning hair. I started walking towards the door, when I heard a similar knock but a bit further away. I stopped in the dark. Whoever it was at my door decided to try the apartment next door. That neighbor was quicker in answering.

I heard the voice of my landlord. Both of them spoke in French. It was both too quick and too early for me to be able to get what they were talking about.

A couple of days ago he sent me an email as a reminder that next month is the last rent payment of the contract and is time to set up the new checks. He gave me the address to deliver them. I looked up and the registered mail takes only a couple of days and costs between 10 and 20 CADs.

If it were important, he will try again; he has my number and my email.

I went back to bed since I had another two hours before I needed to get up.

I thought about sending a text to confirm our date and, shortly after, I considered sending one instead cancelling it. I had no motivation to look for clothes, to shower and do my hair. I wanted nothing that made me get out of the house and see people or being seen by anyone.

I put on the dark red pants with the creamy brown t-shirt. It was not a good match. As soon as I stepped off the house, I realized that my top was too short and my pants hanged too low. I kept having to pull the waist of my pants up as I felt like my clothes were not covering the top of my ass.

I rode the metro up to station Berri-UQAM. I was just in time after the short walk. I briefly checked my phone for notifications before going inside. I looked around without intentions when Camille recognized me. She was bigger than me and I am not sure how that made me feel. She was carrying a blue glass with a slice of lemon inside. She opened her arms to hug me and noticed her flowery summer dress. I told her I would go to the front to order and I let her find a place to sit. Before I made it to the baristas I was sure that I wouldn't get anything out of our date. I felt guilty about my lack of interest or attraction. And then I felt self-disgust by wondering if this is how all the women who sent me rejection texts fell when they met me.

I went on a date once before at that café. We sat by the window. She was wearing a red scottish skirt. Did she know, too, as soon as she saw me that there was no romantic attraction towards me?

Why is it so easy for me to believe that most women I've dated were disappointed by my looks as soon as they saw me?

Amanda, Valerie, Alexandra, Bea. All of them met me and asked to kiss me.

When the québécoise girl took my clothes off, she let me know that I was so fucking hot.

Why can't I just believe it? What do I need to be convinced that I am worthy of attraction, of love?

### Sunday, May 12th, 2024

"Ya borré las apps."

I could have come back home and sit down to write. I was not drunk; either by alcohol nor sadness. I was exhausted.

Whenever people would ask me about my first kiss I discard a memory; a small footnote in my history, an event that doesn't really count.

Why am I thinking about this now?

Why am I finding it so hard to write about it?

After just a couple of nights with the new dose, it was easier to wake up in the morning. I could have gotten up and had a cup of coffee. I stayed in bed like as if I had not gotten any better.

I put on the same t-shirt that I had worn the day before for another soul-draining date. Before I put it on I sniffed its armpits and caught a mild scent of sweetness and melancholy. This time I wore clean and well-fitting jeans.

I folded my blanket. Together with my water bottle, it went inside my black backpack. I sheltered my thoughts with my noise-cancelling headphones. The walk towards the park was longer than the one towards the metro; both were quiet and uneventful.

There was a long line coming out of the entrance to St-Viateur café. That had been one of the options I gave Sabrina for where we could get our food.

Late at night, before I went to bed, Sabrina reached out asking me if I had any dietary restrictions. I confessed to her that I don't eat cheese. I further explained that I can eat it sometimes, mixed with other stuff, but that I don't love it.

"We shouldn't go to the poutine place, then!"

"That's one of my many contradictions," I offered, explaining that I love pizza and poutine.

"Well, I like someone who's complex."

I got to the corner of the park where we were supposed to meet. After I crossed the street, I waited for the coming traffic in the inside circuit surrounding the park. I read the new message in Tinder where Sabrina was letting me know she had made it. A honk aggressively snatched me out of the chat. The mail van had stopped to let me cross, but one of the cars behind it disagreed with his cordial gesture.

After I asked her, she let me know she was by the entrance further up north. I promised her I'd go look for her. I missed her last message in which she told me she was sitting on a concrete bench.

I found her anyway.

I did not see the excitement dissipate from her gaze as she raised it meeting mine.

The date started and ended, like all those unnarrated other ones have done. If I were not to write its details, it would just be another nameless entry in the list of forgotten memories.

We got out of the park and walked towards the restaurants. We decided for ma poule mouillée, since I prefer it and she hadn't tried. We waited around 10 minutes in line before getting in and ordering our food.

She wanted to go to the restroom. I offered to order for her, but she decided to wait. We paid separately. I held her bag and waited for her on the thin table by the exit.

We went back to the park and found a spot to lay on the grass. The both of us had brought blankets. We placed both of them down, one above the other, and sat down next to each other.

We talked between bites. After around 40 minutes, I gave up on my food and just covered it again. We continued talking under the warm sunlight filtered by the tree shadows.

She had brought pastries and offered me one of them. I was not hungry, but I forced myself to accept her gesture. I grabbed and finished an apple-filled pie. She picked a chocolatine amandes.

More time passed and she made a comment about paying her parking. She asked me if I was planning of staying for longer considering the idea of extending the time on the running meter. I thought back to my strategic urgence to leave the date with Camille the day before. I told her I had no rush since my meeting with my friend wasn't until later in the evening.

Maybe she expected a different answer and just didn't know how to make use of the viable exit. She decided to stay and we continued our conversation about travelling.

Like the date on the day before, we both laughed at each other's stories and the conversation flowed. What made these conversations different to other dates? What did these lack that were present in others. What made so special the evening with Amanda on the sushi place; the night conversation in French with Alexia at Le Darling; the brisk evening at Pamplemousse and the calmer one at N with Sophie; the unfinished pints with Bea at Typhoon Lounge.

Is it attraction? I was attracted to all of these women; were they also attracted to me?

I kissed all of them. With most, I spend the night.

Does that mean anything at all?

Sabrina and I moved from our spot. She made a comment about turning red—was that her way of subtly laying out the groundwork for leaving?—and I offered her to get up and walked around. We put our leftover food back into their paperbags. She offered me one of the remaining pastries. I had the cold chocolatine as breakfast this morning. I helped her fold her blanket.

We explored the park as if I also had never been there before. We wondered about the reason behind the empty lake. We looked at the dancing teenagers inside the puppet theater. We investigated the purpose of the building in the center of the park. We commented on the number of people who had the same idea of us and who had decided to have a picnic enjoying the coming of spring. We reached a bench where we sat down and continued talking. She had asked me about sports as we saw kids play with their families. She continued talking about horse-riding.

This time, when she brought up the subject of parking after looking at her phone, she made use of it.

We walked towards the place we had met earlier—she had said when I asked her that she found parking somewhere nearby.

"I think I am leaving now," I said abruptly the day before to Camille.

"I am going to stay for a bit, but I'll get up to give you a hug," she said back, nicer than I deserved.

Sabrina hugged me, too. I was overly conscious of neither of us acknowledging the idea of meeting again. She wished me a good rest of the day and I reciprocated the gesture. As I walked by the dumpling spot, I realized I never really thanked her for baked goods. Later in the evening, I considered the idea of texting her and making a comment about it. I had a nice time with you, thank you for the pastries; I could even add the cruel and unneded unfortunately, I don't see this going any further.

I did not do it.

I made it home with plenty of time before my planned evening with Aliza.

I took off my pants and let them fall lifeless on the ground. I unhooked my bra under my t-shirt and threw it towards the bag filled with underwear that I've still procrastinated putting away. I crawled exhausted under the covers and rested my head on the pillow. The pillow smelt like dying flowers. If depression had a smell, I imagine it would be that withering sweetness. I made a mental note of changing the sheets. Like many other chores, I have not yet done it.

I calculated the time needed to get to Aliza's house. I put an alarm for 17h50, giving me enough time to put my clothes back on. I did not sleep—I think—but I still postponed the alarm.

"19H? Quieres que lleve algo? Do you mind if I drink?" I had texted Aliza before giving up on my afternoon.

"I know you'll drink."

I left later than planned. I made a stop at the dépanneur. I went inside with the intention of buying the box of four dieu du ciel! strong beers. Just one of them would be enough to get me sweetly drunk, and I could bring back home the other three for taking leasurely throughout the week.

I did not take my headphones off. I stood in front of the open fridge and looked towards the beers. The boxes I was looking for were not there. I was stumped. I looked at the different options and struggled to make up my mind.

After around 5 minutes, I grabbed a four-pack of ciders and went towards the cashier to pay.

At Aliza's we talked about the wedding, her catharthic meeting with Ali, and the unwanted and unwelcome intents of reaching out from Danny. I told her the details about Bea and what had happened with Marie-Anne; I did not go into the details of my latest two dates.

Aliza made a comment of how tired I look.

In the middle of our conversations, she took a picture of me leaning on the back of her couch. She sent it to our conversation with Sonny. I did not see it until later in the night even though she openly made a comment about it.

I looked at the image of myself and was repulsed by it. I was more put off than how I had been two days ago when I first saw Camille. I thought back to my walk towards the entrance by the Brébeuf street, and felt my skin tighthen as I imagined the disgust that Sabrina must have felt when she laid eyes upon me.

Aliza offered to get dinner for us, but I rejected the idea and thus she got herself a cheese pizza. I can count with my fingers the chips that I ate. I had brought my gifted chocolatine, but it stayed wrapped in foil on her coffee table.

I made it home and, just like the night before, I took my antipsychotics without any food.

### Monday, May 13th, 2024

 He was getting good at knowing if this was a nonstarter—the way eyes lost brightness when they were reflecting disappointment; a politeness that was trying to clean up the disappointment; the same wall I put up that first night we met when I realized I couldn't bear how short he was.

—Fleishman is in trouble, Taffy Brodesser-Akner.

After deleting the apps yesterday, I redownloaded and opened them again to unmatch both Camille and Sabrina, before—just like these two woman—carelessly discard them again.

When Alda returned to me the question I had sent her about her weekend and I told her about my two dates and having deleted the apps, instead of a comment she had a question.

"For how long this time?"

This was the first night in I don't know how many weeks I actually slept less than eight hours.

I could have gotten up earlier, but since there would be breakfast and coffee at Google HQ before the workshop, there was no incentive of leaving my bed to brew and enjoy my coffee.

After showering and dressing, I laid down at the bottom of my bed with my head hanging off it for the free 30 minutes I had. No thought nor revelation was worthy of remembering.

As usual, I wore my headphones from before putting my shoes on, during the longer ride of the orange metro line, when I got off station Square Victoria OACI, up to the moment that both map apps miscalculated my position and made me doubt I was on the right street which then forced me to go around the building. I stopped the music and took them off as I started looking for the entry.

I came inside and followed a guy with a blue backpack who seemed sure of where he was going. He nonchalantly passed the security desk. I turned my face towards the security guard but continued stepping on his invisible footprints. I saw he presented an ID card to the screen that served as an electric doorman to the 6 elevators.

I went back to the ignored security woman and, since she greeted me in French, I asked her the whereabouts of my destination in her language.

She answered me in English before echoing herself in French.

I pressed the number nine and turned to go through the doors that opened behind me almost instantly.

When I came out of the elevator I faced a second security guard. I announced to him the intentions behind my presence and he told me to wait for someone to come for me. Not long, the elevator opened again and a woman came out from it to lead me into the 11th floor where the registration desk, breakfast, and the small conference room had place.

After grabbing the label with my printed name and put it over my left breast, another man guided me to where I could leave my jacket in one of the closets surrounding the entrance of the conference room, and then the long hall where the breakfast was already served.

I saw a line formed and I stood there. I saw Daniel standing on the table with a filled plate surrounded by people yet eating by himsef. He smiled towards me acknowledging my presence. I stayed in line for half a minute before I changed my mind and decided to skip breakfast.

I stepped off and walked directly towards the coffee station. I served my coffee on one of their mugs and carried it towards where Daniel was. He met me halfway wondering where he could put his dish and I pointed to a small wooden table that had empty dishes.

Instead of placing myself on the recently vacant place left by him, I sat down in front of a window, giving my back to the view, to drink my coffee in quiet solitude.

I eavesdropped the conversation that was happening on the end of the communal table. There was a guy with a gray sweatshirt with graduate neuroscience engraved on his chest.

I continued looking at the people chatting and eating their free food. I let time pass in front of me in between the sips of my drink.

The talks were uneventful and unimportant.

The second one, where the same woman that is going to be another talk tomorrow afternoon in French talked about the available models developed at Google, made me think about the idea of downloading and installing a local instance of llama and try to do something with the digital record of the more than 750k words that comprise this journal.

I met with Daniel at the exit after going to the restroom. We walked together to McGill. We passed the encampment and got into a building that I've never been in before.

Neda was already in the hall where lunch had been served. She was sitting by herself on a table by the end in front of one of the two big screens.

This time I didn't skip the free food. Following Daniel's initiative, I grabbed two wraps—one vegetarian and a second of chicken salad—,some veggies and two tablespoons of what I think was hummus. To drink, I had a second cup of coffee.

We went to seat with Neda and the three of us ate and talked together for the 30 minutes we had to spare before the start of the talk.

Daniel went ahead and grabbed a third wrap. Without knowing, he convinced me to get the brownie that was tempting me. This time, instead of coffee, I served myself black tea with a splash of milk.

Neda asked me about my weekend, specifically if I had done anything fun.

I thought about my weekend preceded by an empty week and which started prematurely on Friday with a date at La grain brûlée, followed by a second one the next day at Parc La Fontaine, and finished—just as prematurely—with a night of calmed and muffled catharsis at Aliza's.

"Not really," I summarized.

"Oh, it's fine just staying home and chilling," she encouraged me.

"Oh no. I did do some stuff. It just wasn't fun."

I enjoyed the third talk much better than the first two ones at Google.

When it finished, I asked Neda and Daniel if they were considering staying for the panel. Since neither of them would, I decided to leave, too.

Neda walked out from a different exit than Daniel and I. The two of us walked back to downtown in direction of the metro station. He guided me through one of the entrances to the RESO—when we where at Les Cours Mont-Royal, which I mistakenly thought was Eaton Place, he asked me if I was going to continue in direction to station McGill which was a bit further away; I instead took the unsaid option of walking with him to Peel.

When we took our own ways to our respective platforms going in opposite directions, I forgot to put on my headphones. I rode the metro in silence and, leaving station Jarry, I consciously decided to continue walking without any music to quiet my thoughts.

I considered the idea of stopping at SAQ. There was just enough left on the bottle of vodka in the freezer for a single drink. There are stickers in the windows announcing a strike soon to come. It would certainly be opened, but I still didn't cross the street and went straight ahead.

The thought came again a second time in the form of an impulse to cross the street a couple of blocks ahead and go inside the dépanneur for a pack of beers that I could milk throughout the week. This time I did wait for the light to turn green at the intersection. After crossing I continued walking and made it home—a couple of hours early, without carrying any music or new alcohol.

I laid down on my couch and faced a younger, half-formed impulse that I had been carrying all day, and started pulsing around inside me on my walk home without any music to calm it down. I made a plan as I opened the app store looking for the apps that I had recently deleted. Don't recover the account; no swiping on any one new. Only reply to conversations from someone other than the people I just met. If they have texted back, read their message but certainly don't answer—no matter what they say.

There were no new messages from anyone old or new. I deleted the apps again, after satiating the paradoxical anxiety of being rejected by someone to whom I had felt no attraction.

Before French I put on another episode of the series that I started yesterday, Fleishman is in trouble. The last episode is playing right now as I am writing this as midnight is approaching.

Five minutes before the start of the class, I took out the headphones from my backpack and turned on the screen of my computer. As I awaited the class to start, I redownloaded the apps again and unmatched the two women I met on the weekend, snatching the capacity of rejecting me from them.

Last night, before falling asleep, I told Sonny what I couldn't seem to write yesterday.

"No estoy segura, pero creo que mi primer beso fue sexual assault."

### Tuesday, May 14th, 2024

"I feel that, like womanhood, I am appropriating something that doesn't belong to me."

I woke up around two or three times before the final alarm. It wasn't too hard to go back to sleep. Even though the alarm was an hour later than yesterday's, I had not enough energy to push myself out of bed. I managed to do it anyway.

I didn't brew any coffee nor bought any pastry for breakfast.

I rode the orange and green lines until station Peel. I lost my breath on the second half of the hill of Rue Peel. I arrived 15 minutes earlier than my appointment.

There was a guy on the panel that welcomed me in. When I told him I was there for bloodwork he asked me if I had a requisition. My affirmation was not enough to assure him and he questioned then if it was from someone at the hub. I said yes again. He still excused himself and went to talk to someone instead of clicking on the screen behind him.

He invited me in to go straight to counter five, where one of the ladies I recognized called me in by wishing me a good morning. She did the same questions and demanded the name of the doctor.

"Doctor Perera," I said and, as if I had said open sesame, she sent me upstairs.

I walked down the corridor to the small waiting room. I sat down on the chair and glanced to the brochures next to me. I looked at one that asked if I were a man between a specific range of age, but grabbed the same one addressed for women. It was about a vaccine to prevent different kind of cancer by the HPV. I realized that when turned it'd become the other version.

Another girl came and sat on one of the chairs facing me. She was blonde and had an aura of vulnerability around her that made her seem younger. She never looked at me and I wasn't sure if that was disappointing or relieving.

The phlebotomist came to us and asked her for her appointment time.

"9h45."

"And yours?" He asked almost at the same time that he turned his face towards me.

"10h."

"You go first." His face returned to her.

She went with him into the little office.

When she came out much sooner than I would have expected, she had her arm bent and was carrying her jacket with her other arm.

He invited me in with words that I have forgotten. I sat down on the chair and, after I gave him my name, he printed much more labels than I was expecting. He asked me if I have a problem with needles and I said no. I did not feel it go in. I looked at the crimson liquid slip through the thin hose out of my body as he filled the three small tubes.

He let me know that Dr Perera had requested a urine test as well. I suddenly became conscious of my bladder's unusual emptiness. I told him I had no idea, but I could try my best. He added that they would come to do the pick up in 20 minutes and I confidently said that I could make it. He took out two small bottles and wrote something on their lids with a sharpie pen. He draw a line around halfway up on the first one and then a much lower line on the second one. He instructed me to fill them both to those respective lines in the same order he had marked them.

I went into the restroom and locked the door. I saw on the wall a poster with the detailed procedure of urinating on the bottles separated by sex. It instructed me to wash my hands beforehand, pull back the foreskin, and wipe the glans of my penis.

By mere curiosity I read the instructions on the left hand side of the poster that described what I should be doing had I been born cis. I was halfway through it when I felt too dysphoric to continue.

I washed my hands and dried them. I opened both of the bottles and placed them uptop of the toiletpaper holder. I pulled my pants down and grabbed the first bottle.

Fortunately, I could pee.

Unfortunately, it was not enough to fill even one bottle.

I kept trying as if I could generate more urine by mere willpower. I drank the water that was in my bottle, but that was not enough. I filled it up and drank it two or three times in the 30 minutes I stayed in the restroom.

When I finally gave up, I went outside and told the lady at the desk of my situation. I told her I could come back another time if it was necessary. She went to the phlebotomist carrying the plastic bag marked as biohazard. I left her explained him the situation and didn't went join them until after a full minute.

In the end, he said it was fine. They would make it work with what I had done. They did need to print another sheet since they had come already to pick up the materials. I again offered to come back another time since they wouldn't pick it up today, but the woman assured me that it would be picked up—they come four times in the day.

I asked if then that was it. They let me go.

I walked the short distance to the symposium. I went to the registration desk. The girl sitting there with the lists told me she had recognized me from the day before. I still gave her my name. She struggled to find me and I got nervous that I had just been registered for the first day. She found me.

I grabbed a small cup of coffee and took it with me to the panel.

"It's interesting that we have opposite experiences! Maybe it's because the stuff I do is much more complicated, what do you program?" asked the guy in first year of software engineering to a political science phd candidate that works with LLM and NLP to analyze politician's discourse.

I had to leave early because all of the water I had drunk in the restroom had already turned into urine.

I walked upstairs for lunch. I sat down on the same table as yesterday. Daniel arrived and sat down next to me. I couldn't tell him of the amusing event since the freshman and the other undergrad from Dawson that had been on the panel were sitting in the same table as us.

We went to the talk that was in French, but neither of us paid much attention.

Although I was interested in the panel of researchers, I left early.

I felt exhausted enough that I slept before my French class.

I could talk about my session with Fabiola. I feel too tired to go into details.

### Wednesday, May 15th, 2024

Ya me reservaron para el sábado 22. ¿No quieres reservarme unos días tú también?

Last night I went to bed with the full intention of getting up in the morning and going to the lab. I promised Aliza that, after going two days to McGill campus, I would go twice to the office this week.

I don't remember if it was also last night that I allow myself to push the alarm a couple of hours and arrive to the lab in the middle of the morning rather than start my day there.

I can't remember the last time that I woke up in the middle of the night incapable of falling back asleep. Last night I was exhausted. I continously slept and I wanted to remain that way. I turned off the alarm and decided to connect to Daniel's mock defense remotely.

Tomorrow, I have to go to the office.

It's harder and harder to connect to French class. I hate every moment of this. It's a waste of time. Whenever we're not doing exercises for stuff that we should already know, we're spending the whole class correcting them—and I have to bear listening to some of the classmates struggle to understand.

A couple of days ago I looked up the start of the next session. It will be the Monday during the visit of Cris, Paty, and Sonny. The next day I have the appointment with the dentist. Last class the Éric asked us who was not going to stay in the course and I remained silent. I figured that I can always register and just stop connecting. Right now, I am not even sure I will be able to finish the next four weeks.

It's almost midnight. I don't have the energy nor the motivation to finish writing, but I already started.

Éric sent us to breakout rooms to talk about two different topics. Fortunately Mariana was in my group, so it never lacked a person who was eager to talk. I stayed quiet for most of the 25 minutes he set apart for that activity.

After that we did a dictée, as he tends to like to do most last days of the week. I know it's cheating, but I open a web browser on the side and sthealthily write some of the sentences he dictates to make sure of the spelling, specficially the accents. I don't do it on all of the phrases, and, most of the time, it's to confirm what my gut tells me.

He repeats the phrases multiple times. Even then, he's asked to repeat them more. As soon as he said point final, I grabbed my phone to send him the picture and get off. This time he didn't receive our e-mails instantaneously. Still, the class ended around 15 minutes before 21h.

Next Monday there won't be a class.

Tomorrow I have to get up and I have to go to the lab. I can't stay home two days in a row.

I did do some work today. I finished the technical report for Qrater after the class ended. I sent it to Louis in a late e-mail.

"Sorry for taking so long with this, these have been a bit rough couple of weeks," I signed off my mail. I am sure tomorrow he will ask me about it—if he read the e-mail, that is.

I ate before class. I made some soup and had a sandwich. I was very hungry.

I've been trying to eat less. As little as possible. I feel disgusted with my weight. I have been weighting me daily. The numbers haven't been going down. They haven't increased either.

I was tempted to order myself a burger, but managed to hold it off. I had a pita with hummus, bologna, and a fried egg with the rest of the soup instead.

That was around an hour ago. Probably more. I haven't gotten the annoying side effects of the medication with the lowered dosage.

Time seems weird to me now.

I feel exhausted, but I don't know if I will be able to fall asleep easily. I did get up very late today.

Tomorrow I have to go to the lab.

I won't be waking up at 7h45. I can get up a bit later. But I do have to go.

A couple of days ago, I felt again the motivation to write a book. Some days before that, I wanted to continue editing the journal. What happened to that new-found energy?

### Thursday, May 16th, 2024

"Hope you are feeling better. Let me know if I can do anything."

—Louis.

The bar is full now.

For the first time in a while, there are more sounds outside than inside my head.

A couple of tables to my left, I was sitting with Sonny the last day I saw her. I took a couple of pictures with my film camera—have I really not taken any pictures since that day?

I had thought a couple of times about coming back here, by myself. I came to the area maybe two or three times to get myself a box of gnocchi. I hadn't come to the bar, but I did think about it. I thought about bringing my laptop and working on something while I sip a glass of the beer I like but can't find on the supermarket anymore.

I thought about it this morning—no, it was last night, since I connected the computer to charge it. I took my laptop in my backpack to the office with the full intention of fulfulling my unrealized plan.

I was not supposed to come to this bar. What I thought yesterday and this morning was turning left when exiting station Jarry and heading to Etoh. I must have been at the office when I remembered this place instead. It is my favourite beer in Montréal, after all.

It was even harder to wake up this morning. The guilt of cancelling another meeting with Louis was stronger than my impulse to remain hidden from the world under my pillows. Somewhen during last night, I opened the shadows, and the sunlight crept into my room since 5h. I lacked the energy to get up and fixing my situation. I was exhausted enough that I could continue sleeping until around 9h.

I kept checking my mail hoping for a mail from Louis letting us all know that he was going to work from home today. I did get an e-mail from Louis but it was not what I expected. He got back about the Qrater changes I sent him last night. He had no comments nor suggestions. I can resubmit the paper whenever I feel ready.

At around 9h30, I uncovered my body and finally felt ready to face the world. I grabbed a clean t-shirt and a set of underwear from my drawers. I weighted myself in the bathroom and realized that I'm a kilogram heavier. Yesterday, throughout the day I ate a full packet of soup. I am conscious it might just be water from all of the sodium in that soup. I still felt like shit.

I considered making a stop at the bakery, but decided against it.

When I got to the office, Neda and Daniel were working on their own stuff. Neda asked me how I was doing, but I didn't get into details. Vlad joined us not much after I arrived. The first time that Louis came to visit us, he didn't acknowledge me—he just let us know that he had submitted a request to lower the thermostat in the office and that it had been approved. It was the second time, when he came to pick up Vlad to go for lunch, that he directly asked me how I was.

Last night I texted Sonny and I shared with her my worries about this moment. She told me not to lie to him.

He already knows I am bipolar. I told him I was sick. He hasn't seen me lately in the office in person—yesterday I connected to Daniel's talk with messy hair and a t-shirt. He must have an idea of what is going on.

I received an e-mail from the Wellness Hub letting me know they tried to contact me to schedule a follow-up appointment with Dr Perera and asking me to call them myself on their available hours. I checked my phone and I did have a missed call that was blocked by my automatic do not disturb mode. When I read the e-mail the window of unavailability was just starting. I decided I can call them tomorrow.

I had enough work to show Louis in our meeting. He didn't ask me again how I was doing, so we talked about the two pending resubmission of my articles. He worked right there on the cover letter for Brain and sent it to my e-mail. I talked about the results I had just gotten and figured out how to move forward with my modeling of the PET data. As I was talking to him, he got a call from what I assume was his wife. He spoke in French, but I understood everything he said. There had been an issue with his aunt and it might be required to take her back to the hospital.

I shared with Alda my plans of coming, but she wasn't feeling very well. I left the office around 17h. I took the 80 bus and walked to here. There are terraces already and most of them were full. The one in here was as well, but I actually preferred staying in doors for now. The hostess received me and, after confirming I was by myself, she asked me if I preferred a table or the bar. I told her I had no preference, but when she guided me to the bar I realized that I would feel uncomfortable with my laptop there, so I changed my mind. There were plenty of tables to seat me.

Now, even the bar is full.

### Tuesday, May 21st, 2024

"Bonjour. Je me retrouve maintenant dans un épisode dépressif; mes médicaments ne fonctionnent plus correctement. Je ne pourrai pas assister au cours aujourd’hui; j’ignore si demain non plus. Je ne verrai pas mon psychiatre jusqu’à jeudi. Je suis très désolée pour mon/mes absence(s)."

I lost another weekend. It was a long one.

I did not work on Friday, but I did do something. I had invited Alda to join me the day before on Dieu du ciel! At noon, she texted me inquiring if I wanted to get a coffee or a beer that day. I was sitting on this same couch, not watching anything in particular on the television. I told her I would need to shower, but that I was free. We agreed to go out in the early evening. She said she'd do some research since she wanted to go some place new.

Later she sent me a link to Café Olimpico. I remembered the time we went to one of the places of café olimpico. The place seemed small and the coffee was mediocre. There were a group of Spanish people on the table close to us. I didn't want to waste my energy going to a place where we wouldn't probably find a place to sit.

She added that we could also go to Old Port. Old port could have worked for me, since I would only need to take the orange line. She wanted to go to a terrace. She then sent the time schedules for cinéma du parc. I confessed that I didn't have the mental energy to focus on a 2h movie. She sent me the links for two places around Old Port. They seemed expensive without anything to warrant the high price.

Lastly, she suggested Next door. I didn't recognize the name. She later reminded me of Mandy. While it was also just the orange line, getting there would take me a full hour and she didn't even like the place some of the last times we went.

We settled on going to a terrace in Mile End. We could try SIboire's. We agreed to leave early in order to be able to get a spot.

I got there before her. There were plenty of seats on the terrace. I sat down and told the waitress if she had a problem if I waited for my friend to order despite she would take another 15 or 20 minutes. In the end, I did order and Alda arrived just as the waitress brought me my pint.

We stayed there for around two hours just chatting and being together. I didn't feel as drunk as the evening before.

I haven't been outside since.

The next day Aliza texted me to ask me how I was doing. Ups and downs. I told her about meeting with Alda the day before and then returned the questions. She told me she was alright and asked me if  I wanted to get a beer sometime later.

"Ow, si quiero, pero creo que no tengo suficiente energía."

She reassured me that it was OK, and said we would meet later this week at QBIN's event in Concordia.

The event is Thursday, the same day I have the appointment with Dr Franck to let him know that, while the meds did improve my mental well-being for a bit, I am back to losing complete days unable to get myself out of bed.

I promised Fabiola that I would go outside, take a little walk and let myself be touched by the Sun. I let her down. Tomorrow I'll do my best to go to the office.

Monday was a free day. I wanted to finish the resubmission of the Qrater paper since the deadline is approaching. I did nothing except cooking myself dinner.

I showered, finally, this morning, before my session with Fabiola. My hair was still wet. I looked thicker and meatier on the half of the screen showing my face. I hated myself and my appearance. I haven't eaten anything all day and I feel tempted to continue the fast indefinitely. I probably won't.

Before my shower I brewed myself coffee and I called the Wellness Hub to schedule the appointment with Dr Perera. I waited around 15 minutes before someone picked up the phone. They schedule the call to next Thursday's afternoon. She first offered me 15h15, but I realized I'd be finishing my meeting with Louis around that time. I asked her for an earlier or later time and we settled on 15h45.

Right now I should be on French class. I said that I wasn't sure if I was going to skip tomorrow's class, as well. I honestly don't know if I will continue at all.

### Thursday, May 23rd, 2024

I think that I like TV shows. When I think about that stuff, it feels like someone took a shovel and dug out all my insides and I know there’s nothing in there. But I’m still too nervous to open myself up and check. I know there’s something wrong with me.

— Owen, I saw the TV glow.

Two nights ago, an hour past midnight, I reached out to Alda quoting an old text of hers linking the showings at Cinema du Parc with a proposition to watch a movie.

"Let's go watch I saw the TV glow."

Yesterday I did not wake up early, but I did go to the office. I had enough time to pass by the bakery and the intentions of doing it. I walked past the first door of the metro station, but changed my mind and got inside using the second one.

The office was empty when I got in. It remained empty up to when I left.

I saw Louis' e-mail saying he was going to work from home. He later sent me a direct e-mail to reschedule our meeting today because of Daniel's defense. He P.S.ed his email saying that the funding paragraph was a work-in-progress. Instead of meeting that afternoon, I chose his option for Monday and told him about my plans for going to the QBIN thing in Concordia today.

Alda replied to my text and we planned to watch the movie that same day. I told her I had texted my French professor about not connecting to class. I told her I wasn't feeling like working so we could do something before the movie. She said we could go to a café and study. Had I brought my laptop with me I would have accepted right away. Instead I told her we could just go see the movie in the evening.

Our office neighbor came to visit me and brought me a post-it with a website written on it. It was the site of a couple of photographers. He did some street photography; her besides photography, was also a writer. I was distracted by this later finding that I didn't looked into their pictures. The post-it remains stuck to the bottom of my monitor.

Around four hours after my last message I asked Alda if she had gone to a café after all. I was hungry and thought I would rather have some company than continuing working alone. I thought about going to Aunja, but the idea didn't fully convinced me. I tried to think of a place that were close and preferably to have some terrace. I remembered Santropol. Alda liked my idea. She said we could meet there at 17h. I told her I would probably go there a bit earlier and I had no problem waiting for her.

My plan was to leave at 16h, but I got too much into my own work. At 16h20, Alda said she'd be leaving soon. I grabbed my stuff and walked by the stadium.

When I got to the café, I waited on the entrance by the sign asking me to wait to be seated. There was a person there, but he was busy with some people. When they left, two other women came to him. Finally, he looked at me and asked me how I was doing. I asked for a table at the terrace and told him we would be two people. He guided me outside and left two menus on the table.

I was unbothered for a significant portion of the time I waited for Alda. I was reading the book that Sophie recommended me once when the waiter finally came.

"Je attends mon amie, mais je peux commencer avec un chaï maison glacé."

Not much after the waiter came with my drink did Alda arrive.

She got herself an americano and we considered both the idea of getting some food.

We were sitting in our table deep in our chat when suddenly it started rainning. The water was as aggresive as it was sudden. Almost as quick, we grabbed our glasses and moved to another table guarded from the rain. Some other people decided to move inside. The waiter and waitresses rushed to pick up the cushions from some of the chairs.

We continued our conversation. We remembered how the last time we had been there it was with Nico. I realized that we had been at the terrace as well, so it must have been during summer, which meant it must have been last year.

The first time I had been at that terrace was around three years ago. It was my very first time going out on a date. I looked towards the table were I was seaten and remembered how I had the mexican salad and a conversation with a Parisian computer scientist who had a tattoo of a can of maple syrup in her arm.

Alda and I finished our drinks. When the waitress passed by, I stopped her to ask her for a menu. She didn't understand me the first time and I repeated myself. She brought us an English menu.

Alda got herself a salad and a hibiscus lemonade. I ordered a bowl of gazpacho instead of the chilli.

The soup was not as good as I expected, but it was cheaper than the other option.

We asked for our bills with enough time to walk to La cité, get to metro and buy a can of shape before the movie.

There was a lady by the entrance that asked us if we already had tickets. When I responded that we didn't she guided us towards the line of people some steps ahead. There was a made-up checkout-counter with a fridge and a small bookcase with some candy and bags of popcorn.

We got inside the theater while the previews were showing.

I could write about the movie. How the tension hit too close to home and the ending left me speechless. I was expecting something but the credits came out instead. Alda stood up and I let her pass. I remained seated and read the name of the actors and the musicians, trying to figure out how I was feeling.

When I got out, I didn't see Alda. Despite the apparent work that was going on on the movie theater the restrooms were open. I went in before trying to look for Alda. I got into the corridor of closed doors; I saw and passed a couple of open rooms with urinals inside. I don't remember the list time that I used one. When I got out of the room with a toilette that I had picked, there was a line formed by the sinks.

I washed my hands. I went to dry them when I saw Alda coming out from there.

We walked upstairs together. There were a group of people conglomerated by the entrance. Apparently it was raining. More and more people came upstairs and remained in the small lobby.

"When we went to see Love Lies Bleeding the theatre was full of lesbians; this time it was full of trans people." I would text Alda an hour later when I had made it home.

If you see a trans people, no you didn't. Someone once wrote on Reddit.

Did they recognized me, too?

One of them was crying when she climbed the stairs.

After a couple of minutes, people started leaving. Alda and I were tempted to go inside the dive bar that I went with Valerie after seeing Everything everywhere all at once. Instead we went out. Alda would wait for the 144 bus that was supposed to pass in 6 minutes and I could walk towards station Sherbrooke.

After my text, we continued talking about the movie.

"I didn't realize gender dysmorphia was one of the themes until I read this," sent me Alda with a link.

I thought about correcting her—dysphoria, you mean; dysmorphia is when I think I'm fat, dysphoria is when I think I look like a man—, but swallowed my thoughts instead.

I considered getting some burgers for dinner. I cooked a burrito.

I felt nervous about taking Dr Franck's call in Concordia, even more about missing it. I went to bed wearing this anxiety as pijamas.

At 4h50, I texted Aliza my resolution of not going.

I was in pijamas, sitting on my desk, when I confessed to Dr Franck, that I felt confused and frustrated with my recent ups and downs. He nodded understandingly and offered me to change medications.

He'll start me with 50 mg of seroquel. I'm supposed to wait a week before taking them. Depending how I feel during this week, I can even not take them at all. My next appointment with Dr Franck is in two weeks when we'll pick it up from there.

They called me from the pharmacy in the evening to let me know they had received the prescription. I told them I could pass tomorrow and pick the new meds up together with my hormones.

### Monday, May 27th, 2024

"Almost like the turkish: dark as hell, strong as death, and sweet as love, except I take it bitter, like my dating life."

Did I miss another weekend?

It definitely was not empty.

Friday, I picked up the meds and got some groceries on the walk back.

I kept thinking about the experiences I read on the bipolar subreddit. The pharmacist, after asking me for the reason that I had stopped taking Lurasidone, warned me about the somnolence and weight gain that come up with these meds.

I had the two large clementines that I bought at Tsikinis. I decided that I should get used to hunger and decided that the pair of fruits would be my only meal for the day.

The next morning, I was still in bed, when in a group chat, Alda, Veronica and I were deciding which terrasse to go to see the sunset. Veronica had sent some propositions at around 3h. I told her shortly after that they looked kind of expensive to me, but I could just have one cocktail. In the morning, Alda picked it up and shared with us her research of the not-so-expensive ones with their menus and prices.

When we tried to make a reservation on their websites, they only had times available in the early afternoon. Veronica called them directly on the phone and got us a reservation at Terrasse Place d'armes.

I was the first one to arrive, and went to the plaza in front of the basilique to wait. I saw Alda arrive and she sat with me on the bench for a brief moment before we both went up the hotel. Vero was already sitting at the table.

We all got a cocktail called Dragon mule; Vero and Alda shared a 45 CAD plate of chicken.

Vero told us of the party of a friend of a friend to which she was invited. She had asked her friend if we could also go. We were not very convinced, but we didn't tell her no.

We went to Brewsky to kill time and let Vero's friend to arrive first at the party. I was tempted to getting a plate of fries, but instead I got myself only a glass of IPA.

Despite arriving at 22h, we got to the party much earlier than Vero's friend. We were interrogated by two women at the entrance who begrudgingly let us in and guided is to an available table. As we walked towards the restroom and I glanced at the people sitting on the different tables, I realized that Alda and I were both severely under-dressed and the only non-african people in the room.

The toilets didn't flush. We all finished washing our hands, but decided to remain inside the restroom until the person in the stage finished with his speech.

As we were walking to our improvisedly assigned table, everyone echoed Amen to the front guy's speech.

One of the same women that let us in offered us something to drink. Vero asked for a rhum and coke, but they told her they had only water, juices and beer. All three of us asked for water. Later, when Vero and Alda went to get some food, people asked them why we were only drinking water.

I decided not to eat anything.

We left the party shortly after Vero's friend arrived around 23h45.

I could hardly sleep. I felt sick from my 36h fast. Despite getting in bed at around 1h, I got up three hours later. I cooked myself breakfast and brewed some coffee. I slept better on my second try when I returned to bed a couple of hours before noon.

In the afternoon I went to Aliza's to do our taxes and watch Mexico's soccer final match with Walter.

I asked Aliza if she would mind if I didn't shower.

"WTF with that question."

I made a stop at metro and bought a box of apple pastries, a four pack of ciders and a plastic cup of donut holes. I started nibbling on the cinnamon pastries during the rest of my walk.

I finished my taxes.

I did eat some of the pizza that we ordered.

This morning I remained in bed after cancelling my alarms. I read Louis' e-mail that he was going to work from home and decided to stay here.

Aliza sent me a poster of a Bipolar study at the Douglas and I sent them an e-mail asking for information. Someone did get back to me in Spanish asking me if they could call me in the afternoon after 15h.

I had my meeting with Louis at 15h. We agreed for a zoom videchat at 16h30. I feared about having to come out to her as trans and the implications that that might have with the study.

In the end, I didn't tell her. She told me that she was part of a different study that pretends to explore the efficacity of Brexpiprazole treating treatment-resistant bipolar depression. While an inclusion criteria is indeed being treated at the Douglas, there might be a possibility of being seen by one of their psychiatrists together with Dr Franck. She told me to continue with the current plan of starting Seroquel and, if that doesn't work, to reach out to her to explore the possibility of enrolling in the trial.

Yesterday, when I redownloaded the apps to see if I had any new matches, I saw a new conversation appear in Hinge. She matched me from a text I sent her on the 8th of May. I texted her this morning, but she hasn't replied.

I reached out to a new girl. She matched with me a couple of hours ago, replying flirtily to my answer of how I drink my question by suggesting she was about to make my coffee as sweet as 5 sugars and 3 creams.

In our last messages, I told her I was reading Honey Girl, after craving some lesbian romance.

"I could fill in for the lesbian romance," she replied.

I thought back to a couple of hours before, after sending an e-mail to Éric and the French class that I was abandoning the course, when I was browsing reddit and someone made a post looking for validation asking if having a penis would be a deal-breaker for the members of the actuallesbian subreddit. Around half of the members of that subreddit are trans women. I was expecting to roll my eyes at the wave of patronizing comments telling OP how she was desirable as a lesbian. I was dissapointingly surprised by the vast majority confessing that it would definitely be an incompatibility. As I read more and more people using different words to say while it definitely wouldn't be me, you sure will find someone, I recognized the old familiar face of dysphoria.

"What about you? What have you been craving?" I texted the new girl, contradicting both my intention of not using these apps anymore and my recently awoken feelings of undesirability.

I finally did laundry today. They have repaired the machines in the building. I went to the dépanneur and asked the cashier to exchange me a toony for two loonies. Sometime this week, I'll walk to the buanderette to change the close to 40 CADs of toonies.

"Sophia, je viens de savoir que tu as arrêté le cours. J'espère que tu ailles meilleur," texted me Anita 15 minutes after the class started.

### Thursday, May 30th, 2024

"How 'bout I take you for lunch and I give you the best head rubs?"

I haven't been sleeping very well.

Two nights ago I didn't sleep at all. I gave up around 5h and got up to shower and start the day. I felt drained around 10h and had to go back to bed and try to sleep a little before my session with Fabiola. I can't remember if I slept again in the afternoon, but at night I had trouble again falling asleep.

Yesterday I tried going to the lab. I got up as early as my lack of rest would let me. I got out and walked to the bakery for breakfast. I passed the turnstiles at the metro station and was walking down the platform when the electric voice announced that there was a service interruption that would last until some minutes after noon. In my phone, I saw a bus would be passing soon by Parc Jarry that would let me on the intersection Pins and Parc. I walked there and waited with the group of people for around 5 minutes. When the bus finally came, as it got closer and closer I could notice that it was completely full. The bus didn't brake and continously drove dismissing us.

I walked back home and actually worked for a change.

At 5h, Pam asked me out.

"How could anyone say no to that?" I replied after coming back home from my odyssey.

At around 14h she asked me about my job and my schedule. I haven't heard back from her after I answered.

I don't remember if it was yesterday or the day before, but I found out I have been losing weight again. I am down back to 78kg. I told Fabiola when I talked about my fasting weekend how stopped eating was a way of trying to get used to the sensations of being hungry. Both yesterday and today I have eaten breakfast and dinner. As I am finishing this paragraph, I am eating chips from the bag I just bought from the dépanneur 15 minutes ago.

Today I went to the lab again. I had my meeting with Louis earlier than usual, at 10h. Again, I could not fall asleep until past 3h. To be fair, I also haven't been taking the sleeping pills. Twice I've considered it, but hesitated thinking that by the time I had remembered about their existence I no longer had 7 more hours to spend in bed.

The alarm started rumbling at 7h45. Despite having passed around 4h, I felt there had passed only a brief moment since closing my eyes. I stayed another 15 minutes bargaining with the sunlight for another taste of rest.

I had enough time to make a stop at the bakery and catch the 144 bus on time. Instead of turning right, it went left. I confirmed on my phone that it wouldn't be able to leave me on my usual stop. The detour wasn't too disrupting. I got off in front of Hôpital Victoria. I walked to my office, sent to Louis the slides that I finished the night before, and ate my croissant calmly sipping my coffee and listening to my music.

After talking about my research, Louis decided that it would be necessary to consult with Pedro and Joseph how to move forward. He sent the e-mail asking for their availabilities. I felt on my shoulders the hesitance born from the fact that Pedro doesn't like my project at all. In his eyes, I am not exploring anything that is not well known already. My research question to him seems redundant, derivative, and inconsequential.

Someone from Aperture Neuro sent me an e-mail asking for the Supplementary material document that I seemed to have forgotten to submit. Less than an hour after I sent it to him, I got a notification from Mallar that the article had been accepted for publication. I need to send the final documents to the typesetter. I'll probably do it tomorrow morning.

I had my appointment with Dr Perera on the hallway in front of the football field. She asked me if I had any symptoms of UTI, given high values of something on my urine analyses. My oestrogen levels also seemed a bit higher than normal. I thought back to the injection that I had to give myself and the doubts that, rather than the pharmacy mistakenly giving me fewer pills, I had been taking two blue pills in the mornings instead of one.

I came back to pick up my stuff and started my return home. I walked to station Sherbrooke, holding back tears for some unknown reason. On the platform, I saw the train arrive full of people and continued walking by the open doors as the green lights turned red, the doors closed, and the metro started moving again. I sat down on one of the chairs by the end. I relaxed my neck letting my head fall down, as my sight met the floor the tears formed out and rolled down my cheeks.

Tonight I take the first pill of Seroquel.

