# 2024 — 31 years old

## February, 2024

### Thursday, February 1st, 2024

_Hey, Sophie, I've been thinking about you.
I get you're going through a tough time.
Hope you're doing okay.
I would love to hear from you whenever you're ready._

Now, I will never now if given enough time she would have reached out.

We started watching Lovesick.
It's a series about a British guy who has been diagnosed with chlamydia and
thus has to reach out to his past sexual partners to notify them.
It's an anthology series of the different stories about how he met them,
entangled with the present time where he's having feelings for his best friend
who is engaged to some other guy.

I don't remember exactly when I watched it, but I know I like it.
When we first put it on, I mentioned to Sonny how, Luke, one of the characters,
the other member of the trio of best friends,
reminds me of Raul's best friend back in Salamanca.
Alberto.
Last night I could not remember his name.
He married.
. I can't remember hers.
The American girl who was doing her master's in education.
She was a twin.
Even a bigger slob than I was.
She called me _human dictionary_ a couple of times, even though, back then,
I was embarrassed to speak English out-loud.
I think I have him—probably not her—on Facebook;
for a couple of years he would congratulate me on my birthday.

We opened a can of beer and I barely could finish it.
Again, like clockwork, I started feeling bad around an hour after taking the pill.
I went to bed and left Sonny on the living room to finish the second episode
that was still playing.

By then, I had already made up my mind to send the text.
The timer would come back down to zero.
I could free up my mind.
Aliza mentioned that she would definitely reach back if I sent it,
yet the possibility that the response would not be of my liking was also
brought up.

We're meeting Aliza this evening.
We're going to a Korean chicken place around her neighborhood.
This will be the last time in the near future that Sonny and Aliza will hang out.

In the middle of the night,
the light of the monitor in the other side of my apartment creeped out of the
division by the bed.
Windows had restarted after initiating, unprompted, an update of its system.
The computer rebooted but logged in into the Linux partition, which,
for some reason, its logscreen doesn't go to sleep when inactive.
We let it be for a time.

It was around midnight—or was it 4h?—when I got up and shut it down.
I used the opportunity to go to the restroom before coming back to bed.

A couple of minutes past 4h, I was resigned of not going back to sleep.
I browsed my phone for a bit, instead of the usual tossing and turning.
At around 6h, I decided to get up and shower.

The water has been clogging for the past few days—or is it weeks?—,
yesterday I put the full kettle on and dumped the boiling water down the drain.
With the bubbling the dark edges of a hairball started surfacing to the top.
I used my tweezers to pick it up and pull it from the little holes of the drain.
I got maybe half of it.
It was not a full remedy but it did help.

I sent the text after I had come out of the bathroom, at around 6h50.
It bothers me, the amount of purple that is overloading the screen.
28 minutes ago, the timer restarted just like I wanted.
I threw away the possibility of proving me wrong and letting her resurface
just like I did after three weeks away, in exchange for some peace of mind.

It's not on me.
I reached out.
I did everything that I could have done.
Now, if she doesn't reply, if this is indeed like all those every other
conversations that just naturally ended,
then it was always because it was just not meant to be.

The funny thing is that, even after all this time, I never told her that I am trans.
There is always that possibility that she does come back,
that we do meet again, and that my being is a deal-breaker.
I have not forgotten about that.

31 minutes and counting.
We're meeting Aliza in less than 12 hours.
I will tell her that I sent the text.
I won't have anything else to say.

### Saturday, February 3rd, 2024

_It's those crumbs of attention mixed with the ignoring/avoiding parts that
does it for me._

I did not do the words last night.
The day was full with work, errands and a night of celebration.

Today I got up and had breakfast,
but other than that we did not get out of bed until 14h.
I showered and noticed how the drain is even more clogged than before.

Last night we finished both of our film rolls.
I could get some Drano on my way back from the photo lab.
Photo St-Denis closes at 17h.

I was irritated with life and that anger transpired towards Sonny.
When I got out of the shower she asked me if I was going to go out
and if she could come with me.

I took the small camera that I bought yesterday,
I could buy a cheap roll to try it out.

We got off at Sherbrooke and walked towards the place.
It was full.
The line to the counter came all the way to the stairs by the entrance.
When it was our turn, we picked up our negatives,
left the two complete rolls and bought another two.
They will be ready on Monday.

From there, we took a bus and went towards Laurier.
I offered Sonny to get some _gnocchis_ at _La drogheria fine_.
While on the bus, I bought some tickets for _Tótem_,
a film by a mexican filmmaker that was being projected at _Cinéma Moderne_.

We walked with our chinese takeout boxes towards _la brasserie_ that Alda and I
once went to, where we sat at their terrace and had a pint with fries.
We sat at the benches that were outside the windows.
We sat to have our food and I put the new cheap film to the Kodak Pony II.
I took a couple of pictures of Sonny to try it out.
The guys on the other side of the window inside the bar noticed me and posed
for the picture.

I did not like the movie.
I was annoyed at the family.
Sonny did.
She liked it more than _Poor Things_, she said.
She might have said that just to annoy me.

Yesterday I went to the lab by myself, unlike the day before.
I had promised Louis that I'd be there to meet the prospective student.
I left the house around 8h.
I was the first person to arrive at our office.
I continued working on the code for the HVR paper.
Daniel arrived not much later.

I found this ad in Fb Marketplace for a vintage Kodak Pony II camera.
It was working and in great condition.
It was only 35 CAD.
I took a screencap and sent it to Sonny.
It was cheaper than the price we had found for the helios lens that she'd buy
from me in order to take the Pentax Spotmatic with her.
I sent a message to the seller.

When Louis and the student came to the office and started chatting with us,
my watch vibrated notifying me of the response from the seller.
Apparently, some people had inquired about it but hadn't confirmed yet.
He proposed to me to give it until lunchtime,
if they still didn't respond, the camera was mine.

At around 11h, after Neda had arrived and all three of us talked to the
computer science student, the seller came back to tell me that they were not
picking the camera today.
I asked in return if that meant it was up for grabs and confirmed saying that,
if that were the case, I could come to his after work.
We agreed to meet at 18h.

In one of our group chats, Sonny had proposed to Alda to meet at our house and
drink the wine she brought us.
She said she would be at her sister's to watch RuPaul,
but could come maybe at 22h if that was an option.
In the end she told us that she would cancel with her sister and come earlier.

Daniel was the first person to leave.
I don't remember if Neda was still there when I took my stuff at 16h30.
I was hungry and considered buying something—a pizza, maybe?—at McGill station.
There were no pizza places at that station.
I took off on Guy-Concordia and bought two beef curry pastries at Cocobun.
I put them in my backpack and continued my trip towards station Du College,
almost at the end of the orange line.

I made a stop at a Tim Hortons on the way and ordered a medium black coffee.
The cashier kept responding to me in English even though I made the order in
French.
I sat by the window and had my pastries and coffe during the 20 minutes that
I had until 18h.

I texted Sonny and told her to go to _la fruiterie_ to get some cheese and grapes
for our wine.
She asked me to get some beers on my way home.
I confirmed with the seller and went on my way.

He lived with his parents,
who were in the living room while he opened the door to let me in.
We stayed at the entrance when he showed me the camera.
I declined his offer to use a dummy roll he had brought and just gave him the cash.
On my way back I took the bus to the metro station.

Before Alda arrived, we watched the first half of _Past Lives_.
Alda brought cookies and a can of kombucha.
Sonny cut the cheeses while I rinsed the grapes.
We put the cutting board with the charcuterie on the long table and sat around it.
We read the tarot.
We listened to some music while we talked.
The second half of the night we played with the pornographic deck of cards she gave us.
It was a nice night.

I walked Alda to her Uber outside the house at around 2h.

After finishing my words in the early morning,
I took my clothes and went to take a shower.
All clean and with my hair dripping wet, I went back to my room half-dressed
to wake Sonny up, since she would come to me to the lab this time.
I grabbed my phone and noticed that I had already gotten a response.
I caught a glimpse of the first couple of words of the notification at the top,
above the other two ones that said that Sophie had liked my messages.
I quickly closed it.
I did not want to read it then.
I was not ready to read her apology about not replying to me and that,
despite how nice I have been, she was not in the best position to continue seeing me.
Or maybe she would say that, after some thinking,
she was not ready to go out with anyone at this moment.
Perhaps, she had found someone, like Alda had warned me.
Whatever it was, I did not want to see it yet.

I had proposed to Sonny to pass by _la boulangerie_,
but when I told her I was considering not getting a croissant,
we decided against it.
We took the metro to station Sherbrooke and then caught the 24 bus.

We got to the office.
This time, we entered through the parking lot of the stadium.
I showed her the atrium with the neuron and then my office.
We left our stuff before going to café vienna so she could get something for breakfast.
I ordered her a BLT and we sat by the window.

She read the message.
I had told her not to tell me anything about what it said.
It didn't take much for her to convince me to just open it and read it myself.

"Hi Sofia! I'm really sorry for not responding", it started,
"It has been a though time, but I think I'm coming out on the other side of it.
Appreciate you understanding and reaching out, and would love to see you."

Like some other texts before, she signed it with a red heart.

For some reason, I was not relieved.
Did it mean we would then actually meet?
What could I tell her, or ask her?
What was then to say in what was now my turn?
Whatever it was I did not want to think about it.

When we were on our way back, we intended to take the lift, but it was not moving.
I was in the middle of failing to convince her to take the stairs, when the doors closed.
I got downstairs and saw how she was talking with Louis.
Apparently, he had gone out of the office after she had just gotten out of the elevator.

"Are you looking for someone?", he asked her.

"No, I am waiting for someone."

"Oh, I see you found whom you were looking for!",
he came back to say when I join her.

Sonny worked under the neuron, while I went back to my office.
Around noon we went to the café again for lunch.
We shared a burger.
After my meeting with Louis, she said that hers had been cancelled.
We went to Thomson House.
We had a pitcher of beer with a basket of wedges.
I can't remember what we talked about,
but it was enough to last us a second pitcher of beer instead of our original
plan of going to the McGill's book store.

We took the metro to meet Aliza at the korean place in Verdun.
We would have arrived at the same time,
were not for the stop we had to do on the way so Sonny could relieve herself
on the back parking lot of a building.

When I had told Alda, she had said to wait a day before replying.
I settled with myself to text her that night, as a compromise with myself.
In the first portion of our last meeting with Aliza before her departure to Miami,
she convinced me to reply to Sophie right then and there.

"I'm honestly very glad to read you're doing better.
I'd love to see you, too.
Whenever it works for you, I'm pretty free in the near future."

With those words sent off, I continued our night with Aliza.

### Sunday, February 4th, 2024
_You just need to practice "Speaking" more;
because that is one of the most important parts of the test._

Technically it's Monday now.
Even though I did not take the pills last night, I had to go to bed very early.
It was not even 21h yet, when we both gave up on whatever it was on TV and
turned all the lights down before going to bed.
When I grabbed my phone, it was only 1h.

I've been looking into hinge less and less.
It's not that I don't hope she's going to reach out.
I do hope for it, I just don't like admitting it.
I pretend that I believe she won't, but deep down I long to be proved wrong.
Except, now it's less and less like that.

When I talked with Alda about it, she suggested again to propose to cook for her.
She actually did that with Soud as a second date.
She got fixated on him, too.
Her therapist told her that whenever she felt the urge to reach out,
to distract herself with activities or friends.
I said that I would not text again at least until Sonny left.

In the morning, Sonny was the first to get out of bed.
She had agreed to meet with both Alda and Veronica to go to Mass.
This time, they would not try to go to that church by NDG,
but a closer one around station Berri UQAM.
We had thrown around the idea of me catching up with them and going for brunch.

We had this thing, where we make use of the time of the other one leaving—be it
me going to the lab, or, like this time, her going to church—to masturbate.
I was still in bed when I heard the door close behind her.
I put my hands inside my shorts and, still under the covers,
turned towards the wall.
It didn't take me long to finish.
It had been a while since the last time.
This time it was not as clean as usual, except I didn't notice it.
Later, I went to the restroom and saw the spots on both my underwear and my shorts.
I felt disgusted with myself, but the feeling faded pretty quickly.

We didn't have any more coffee.
I asked her to bring some on her way back.

I sat on the couch in the living room and continued watching "Mr and Mrs Smith".
I was not paying too much attention.
My phone vibrated with messages from Alda.
It was close to noon.
She was inviting me to catch up, do brunch.
I could get free coffee.
At first, I was hesitant.
I did not want to shower or get out.
She didn't have to push too hard before I started convincing myself.
I sent her a text letting her now of my change of mind and asking her for where
to meet.
I put some clothes and left towards the metro.

I did not get a response—either a text or a pick up to my calls—until I was
waiting for the metro.
I tried Sonny, too, but she probably didn't have any data.
I was sincerely annoyed.
Alda was very apologetic.
I was aware I was overly irritated and probably projecting my own frustrations
of not being replied to by other person.
She proposed paying for my food, but I told her not to worry about it.

We met at Ginkgo.
They were already inside, but still not yet seated when I arrived.
Since we didn't have a reservation, they sat us in a table with swings.
Me and Alda were the ones who took those seats.
They were not as uncomfortable as they looked.

We had a pitcher of Paloma with our food.
The waitress replied to us always in French,
despite the fact that Vero and Alda would fall back to English.
Sonny was proud of herself for ordering in French.

From there, we got an Uber to bifteck.
I was surprised that Vero joined us.
We bought two pitchers of stout beer and Vero had a rhum and coke.
There was a women's hockey match on the televisions.
I can't remember what we talked about.

Alda got us an Uber to La Banquise.
The waitress served us in English.
They sat us next to two québécoises women.
I didn't have a poutine there.
I had the idea of waiting and getting one from ma poule mouillée as take-out.
Sonny and I shared a beer.
We paid our bills, but didn't leave soon enough.
The waitress came and kicked us out gently,
letting us know they had a long line waiting for a table.

I ordered my poutine at the portuguese restaurant in French,
but the woman had trouble understanding me.
I had told Sonny a couple of days ago, how I feel stupid speaking in French.

When we got home, I barely had a half of my food before giving up on the day.

### Monday, February 5th, 2024
_I miss my body._

I was excited about receiving the photo scans today.
I had been waiting for those pictures of Cuba for a while.

I woke up in the early morning, before the sun rose,
and went to the living room to do the words in the dark.
I worry that I will have nothing to write about when Sonny leaves.
I am anxious about her departure.
The bed will feel empty without her.
The apartment will be colder.
There will be something missing from my days.

I went back to bed and slept until mid-morning.
Whenever that passes, I open up the mail just to check there is nothing from
Louis and go turn my back towards the day.
This was such the case, that I even asked Sonny to go to the café to get the
bag of coffee beans that had run out.
I half-expected her to say no.
To keep postponing her getting out of bed.
She actually went and I stayed in bed.
I considered masturbating again, but didn't.

She came back around noon and I brewed coffee for both us.
I had not yet finished my cup of coffee by the time the e-mail with the
WeTransfer link arrived.

In the morning, while I was still half-awake,
I even considered offering Sophie to exchange instagram with the intention of
sharing with her the pictures I had taken in Cuba.
I could come out of nowhere and excitedly tell her that the pictures I had
waited for so long were there.

The pictures were shit.

I liked more the ones taken with Sonny's camera.
The coloured effects of the flash gave the shots some sort of nostalgic aura.

Sonny asked me to send her the pictures.
She brought up that I haven't still shared with her all of the other film
pictures that I've taken these past years.
With that in mind, I opened up my Google account and went back in the years
in order to clean the clutter and give some organization to the mess.

I saw my body change shapes.
Being thinner and thinner after breaking up with Catherine.
Gaining weight after moving to DC and starting the relationship with Sonny.
Losing it again when I came to Montréal.
Gaining it again.
My hair would get longer and longer until it became short.
Then it kept grewing once again until this new year's when it got even shorter.

I deleted all of the memes and all of the screenshots of conversations.
I read the countless snapshots of _I did not feel a connection_;
several occasions of offers of staying friends just to disappear for ever.

I'm in the middle of French class.
The professor is explaining the significance and use of the words _itinérants_
and _mechants_.
I can't focus.
I can't do this anymore.
Just 300 more words.
It seems such a hardious task.
I'd like to go to bed and sleep for the rest of the week,
were it not for the fact that after Friday I will go back to waking up alone.

I don't know if I want to text her because I feel sad or I feel sad because I
want to text her.

During class I posted one of the pictures from Sonny's roll.
The one where Alda and I are in the shot in my living room,
in front of the cutting board full with cheeses and grapes.
I am holding the Kodak camera I had just bought.

Someone was saying something in class,
when Sonny came towards me and told me that Alda had asked me to take it down.
I grabbed my phone and saw a bunch of texts—not too different to the ones I
sent her yesterday morning—asking me to take of the tag or, better yet,
crop the picture.
She didn't like how her hair looked.

I don't judge her.
I know how that feels.
I apologized and took down the picture immediately.
I cropped it just like she suggested and reposted with a bunch of other
portraits that Sonny have taken.

I don't care about the likes.
I don't care how many people have seen them.

When class ended I felt like crying.
I lied down on the couch while Sonny cooked her own dinner.
I put on some songs on Youtube until she finished.
We had dinner together and I took my pills.
Yesterday I skipped them.

I'm at the exact the same spot I was two years ago.

### Sunday, February 11th, 2024
_Yesterday I finally got the pictures from Cuba developed.
I wanted to text you about it, but idk if you'd prefer some space for now._

The house feels empty and silent.

Wednesday I skipped French.
I had to go to the lab that day.
We had a meeting with Pedro's team to talk about the abstracts we submitted
using their data.
Neda started talking about her disease offset staging methods.
Reza was next with the Brain Age Gap measure from his Neural Network.
Lastly, I spoke about the mediation models of amyloid and tau on cognition.

Pedro did not like mine.
He asked me about the research question,
implying that my main results are something well-known already.
He asked me about the advantages of using structural equation modeling rather
than a conventional interaction.
I answered him to the best of my knowledge,
but I was still stumped by his questions.
When we walked back to the office,
Neda made a comment saying how she liked the way I answered.

I left early the office.
Sonny and Alda were supposed to meet at Namur station and go shopping at some
outlets that Sonny had found online.
The original plan was for me to meet them later in the evening when they went
to the McGill's Bookstore.
I intercepted their meeting meeting Sonny at station Bonaventure after taking
the 107 bus.
We met Alda at the third-to-last station of the orange line.

We went to the first store.
When we passed the parking lot,
I saw a Dollarama and decided to go in and see if they had some Drano.
I asked them to go ahead to the store and I would meet them later.
When I got the shelves with the white bottles, they came up to me.
The store was closed.

We went to the first one that was right besides the station.
I got a pair of shorts, three t-shirts and two bralettes.
Sonny got some pants, a t-shirt—matching with mine—, and a coat.
Alda got herself some stuff, too.
Later that night, she would send us pictures of her fits.

We skipped the McGill's store and went directly to the Plateau to meet with
Veronica for dinner at La Arepera.
She, much like Pedro earlier, was not impressed.

After eating and getting our checks,
we went for some drinks at Else's to finish the night.

All four of us walked together to station Sherbrooke.
Veronica left first.
I offered to stay with Alda to wait for the 144 bus.

We told her there about the movie we would watch the next day.
The first women-directed movie in Québec, _La vie rêvée_.
She went online and got herself a ticket.

Walking home, I offered to get us some beers and chips.
Sonny asked me for the keys, since she really needed to go to restroom.
I asked her not to lock the door and we went our one ways at the corner of the
dépanneur.
I just opened the first can from the four-pack I bought that night.
The unopened bag of flamin' hot cheetos is still on the bar of my kitchen.

When I got to the apartment, the door was locked.
I replied to the text of Alda that said she was home joking that Sonny had
locked me out.
Less than 3 minutes later, I see her opening the entrance door.

She had to make a stop at a nearby alley.
When she told me while grabbing her pajama pants and getting into the restroom,
I did not believe her.
When she got out from her shower, she warned me not to look inside.
The water from the sink was also pooled and brown-tinted.
The unopened bag of Drano stayed in my backpack.

"Would love to see the photos!
I'm back at work next week on Wednesday/Friday on campus if you want to do
lunch at Thomson house or something together!"

For the first time since I could remember, I stopped waiting for a notification.
She had sent hearts before but this was the first time they were more than one
and at the beginning of the text.
Unlike the previous time, I opened it immediately.

Sonny went to Dollarama and bought a plunger.
It was more effective than the Drano that I used on the sink.

I had my meeting with Louis at home.
An hour later, Sonny had hers.
Our plan for her last night was to get some gnocchis before the movie.
Then we would meet with Aliza at Church to welcome her back.

We got off at Sherbrooke and walked to pick up the negatives.
We then walked towards the stop for the same bus that we used the last time.
It wasn't until we stepped off that I realized the place might not be open.

We hesitated about where to eat.
We considered Siboire St-Laurent—the bar that Alda liked that time we had some
fries at their terrace—and _Dieu du ciel!_,
but in the end we went directly to _Cinéma Moderne_ and got ourselves a sandwich.
We sat the the corner table by the entrance.
Alda joined us with enough time to spare to get herself a drink and for me to
get a second one and a bowl of popcorn.

There were talks with the director before and after the movie.
At the end,
when I told Sonny they had said they were wrapping up,
she asked me if that meant she could raise her hand.
She mentioned how it was fate for her to watch that movie on her last day of
vacations in Montréal.
Some people clapped for her.
She later met the director.
I took some pictures of them.

I invited Alda to join us to meet Aliza, but she said no.
Aliza texted us saying that maybe we could meet at her house instead.
Sonny and I could get some drinks on the way and maybe order some food.
We tried to get into the Metro on the way, but the night-shift workers that
were just going out told me _C'est fermé_.

This time I did remember the code to get inside Aliza's building.
We had kung-pao chicken and dumplings at her house.
She asked me about updates with Sophie, and I told her that I had not replied,
not because of some straigth advice from Alda, but rather a sincere need for time.

Aliza invited me to go with her and Liana to watch the Super bowl today.
We said our good-byes and left.

Friday we got our _gnocchis_.
We went for a couple of beers to _Dieu du ciel!_.
I took a couple of pictures of her.

We came back to our place and I got us an Uber to the airport.
I saw her make the line before security and wore my headphones all the way to
the 747 bus.

It was the longest commute home I have ever had.
For the whole weekend the sun didn't come out.
I cancelled the plans with Alda and Aliza.
I got myself pizza tonight and started rewatching New Girl.

I haven't heard back from Sophie.
Sonny thought that she might realize she asked me out on Valentine's and will
ask me to postpone.

Instead, I just worry that I will meet her, but I won't be enough.

### Monday, February 12th, 2024
_The plans with Julian fell through,
and now I really want to go on a date for Valentine's...
I really hope I find someone who cares more next time._

I was the first person to get in the office.
I went to bed early and started having side effects from the medication.
Just the anguish and uneasiness in bed made me consider again to suspend them
indefinitely.
I should call and make an appointment with the psychiatrist.
The prescription is going to run out in two refills.
I can make use of the opportunity and come clean telling him that I suspended
them because of the weight gain and the side effects despite still feeling depressed.
As I am writing these words, I am thinking about talking with this with Calli.
I can hear in my head how she would tell me that I have the right to tell him
that and together look for other options.
Why doesn't it feel like this?

I postpone the alarm from 7h45 to 8h30.
I showered and changed.
I made coffee and left.
I listened to music the whole way to the lab.
I considered walking from station Sherbrooke to the MNI,
but decided against it at the last minute.

Neda was the second one to arrive.
Then, it was Daniel.
Vlad never came.
I thought he was supposed to come back from vacations today,
but I guess I was mistaken.
We had a meeting during which Reza presented a paper.
It was one of those days when I get too aware that I am in a room full of
engineers.

I asked Louis if he had 3 minutes after the meeting and talked with him about
processing the data from PreventAD.
A couple of days ago I got an e-mail from someone from Sylvia's team asking to
touch base before her departure on vacations.
I had completely forgotten about that pending task since before I left to
Mexico last year.
We set up a meeting for tomorrow at 10h.

I kept working on the graphical abstract the rest of the day.
It took me a full day from start to finish.
It is a task that I had been postponing since last year,
and it took me less than a full 8h shift.
When I was almost done, I realized it was already 16h30.
I took my stuff, said good-bye to my office mates and left.

On the way home I made a stop at _la fruiterie_.
I bought some hummus, pitas, ham, a tomato and a pepper.
This was despite the fact that I had still the leftovers from yesterday's pizza
to have for dinner.

I got home with 30 min before the start of French class.
I skipped the last one, so I was dreading having to give some explanations about it.
The professor did reply to my e-mail somewhen during the week-end.
The class was nothing special.
I get more and more frustrated.
I feel so advanced compare to the rest of the people in the class yet I feel
like the stupidest person when I try to speak with someone and they fail to
understand me.

Alda sent me a message today telling me she had made the oral evaluation at the
YMCA and they had put her somewhere between B1 and B2 levels.
I try not to compare myself to her,
yet the first thing I thought when I read it was how whenever we go out,
I am the only one who has the initiative to order in French.
The waiters can barely understand me when I do it, though.
Monica didn't.

I finished watching Hazbin Hotel during the weekend.
I proposed Sonny to watch it together while she was here.
I can't get one of the songs out of my head.

Sophie hasn't replied to my text.

I wrote the text that I meant to send to Tirza telling her that I want to delete Hinge.
In it I give her my number in case she still/ever wants to meet and tell her it
was nice meeting her in case she doesn't.
I did not send it.

I think about all the stuff I want to tell Sophie.
I think of possible things we could do.
I think about whether she will reject me after our date, or if I won't get the
chance to see her again.
No, we will meet.
Most probably I will text her tomorrow night asking about meeting the day after
and she'll reply Thursday, like the past two times, proposing Friday.
We'll change the plans from lunch to a _5 à 7_ after work.
We'll meet and I'll have a great time.
I will neither tell her that I am trans nor ask to kiss her.
The whole week-end will pass and after double-texting her for the last time,
she will let me down gently and maybe even with a red heart somewhere in the text.

### Tuesday, February 13th, 2024
_Seriously?
After being cancelled on twice and waiting a week for a response,
you're still considering reaching out again?
Come on, you deserve better than that.
Stop wasting your time on someone who clearly doesn't prioritize you.
It's time to move on and find someone who actually appreciates you._

_...Sure, she's responding, but actions speak louder than words.
If she's constantly cancelling plans and taking forever to reply,
it doesn't sound like she's genuinely interested or making you a priority.
Don't let a few sweet words cloud your judgement.
Pay attention to how she's actually treating you._

Around 1-2h, I turned on the night light, got out of bed and went to the closet
to get the fresh set of clean sheets that I did not use all the month that Sonny
was here.
This time I did not worry about losing the faint smell of the presence of Sonny
like I did with Monica's.
I changed the sheet, the pillow-cases and the duvet cover.
I threw the old ones to the empty clothes hamper and went under the rejuvenated bed.
The internet started failing but I didn't care since it was not hard to get to sleep.

I woke up before the first alarm and automatically went to postpone it.
I battled inside my head the opposing ideas of staying home and going to meet
Louis in person.
Wondering what I could wear, I try to open the weather app,
but my phone complained instead about connectivity issues.
The meeting home would be a no-go.
I turned off the alarm and decided to skip the shower and just change clothes.
The thought about the internet failing even in the afternoon for my French
class started worrying me.
I despised the idea of having to call Videotron customer service and schedule a
meeting with a technician.
Something made me think about checking for the lights in the modem.
I realized that everything was off on the small box that connects to the router.
I turned my head and saw how last night that I threw the sheets to the hamper I
had disconnected the plug from the outlet.
I decided to stay home at the same time that I threw myself back to my now navy
blue bed.

I did not sleep again.
I made coffee and started working.
At 10h I sent Louis a text on Teams but he did not see it.
I sent him an e-mail.
He didn't take long before replying back.
We talked for about 20 minutes and came to an agreement of what to do next.

At noon, I cooked myself some eggs and ham for breakfast.

Aliza texted me to say that Vlad mentioned he misses me and wants me to go with
them to Church this Saturday.
I am still unsure if I will go or not.
I made no promises, yet the fact that I cancelled my week-end plans with Aliza
last time make me lean towards one side of the dilemma.
I don't know if I have enough energy to deal with Vlad.

Years ago I went out with Laura, a Colombian girl who was doing a semester
abroad at _Université de Montréal_.
We went to _Parc la Fontaine_ and took some pictures with our film cameras.
I did not develop that roll until last month.
We still follow each other on Instagram.
She posted about this card game _We're not really strangers_.
Alda had the idea of buying it and playing with Julian,
the guy she was saying until recently.
He was supposed to come visit her for Valentine's but cancelled last minute.

I asked Alda if she wanted to play the game together one of these days.
I offered to get a bottle of wine,
but I suggested thinking of something less romantic after I remembered that
yesterday I thought how that would be a great date idea.
After a very brief back-and-forth we concluded on meeting Thursday with a
bottle of Amaretto and some ginger beers.
She mentioned that the game would be very similar to what we already play.
_Trauma-bonding the drinking game_.
Maybe it is.
I am still excited.
Lately, I crave intimacy.

French is getting worse and worse.
It's hard to focus.
Still, I waited until the class ended this time to start with the words.

I don't know if I will text Sophie tonight.
I am considering sending to Tirza the draft I put in my Notes.
I always reach out to Tirza when I get disillusioned with Sophie.

I know what I should do, but I don't know if I can.

### Wednesday, February 14th, 2024
_Y aún me parece mentira que se escape mi vida imaginando que vuelves a pasarte
por aquí, donde los viernes, cada tarde, como siempre,
la esperanza dice_ quieta, hoy quizás sí.

I am sitting in a corner table at Thomson House.
I could go home right now, make a stop at SAQ and get the bottle of amaretto
for tomorrow.
Aliza just texted me asking if I had my date.

Last night, even though I really didn't want to, I sent the text.
This time I was the one who used a red heart as an end-of-sentence point.
I hated myself.

I heated the last bowl of beans that I made with Sonny.
Before going to bed, I brushed my teeth and flossed.
I could smell myself but decided against showering.
My scent was not off-putting.
I kind of liked it.
The whole night I slept surrounded by a combination of my own personal smell
and the scent from the recently changed sheets.

I started waking up around 2h.
I tossed and turned but kept avoiding my phone.
I did not want to light up the screen and take the cat out of the dead-or-alive box.
I avoided it until the last time I woke up, 25 minutes before my alarm.
I opened Hinge and there were not any red number on the bottom banner of buttons.
I opened the bubble chat anyway.
After sending my text,
I had archived the conversation as a way of putting it out of my way,
and yet I saw the animation of her name jumping from the bottom pile to the top.
I had to put my finger on it for it to actually load the new message.
It wasn't too old, just a couple of minutes.

She told me how tomorrow—she meant today—was still tentatively an option.
She had a meeting just before lunch, and thus she wouldn't have a whole hour,
though.
That was the caveat of seeing her today, but she was down if I was game.
This time the final heart was blue coloured,
just like the one in her message last year wishing me safe travels after we
first met.

I told her it was fine with me and followed up giving her my phone number,
in case it was easier.
Later in the morning, when I came out of the shower,
I saw her blue text telling me she was Sophie from Hinge.
We agreed to meet at Thomson, at around 12h45.

I brought back the text from my notes and sent it to Tirza before brewing my
coffee and grabbing my stuff to leave my apartment.

I came and sat down at exactly 12h45.
I moved from a single table to the set of three tables in the corner,
because of my irrational fears of eavesdroppers.
She texted me that she was on her way and arrived not too far off her ETA.

Like last time, she threw at me the—empty?—promise of meeting again.
_Let's do something again when I come back from Ottawa._
Two years ago I would have joked with Alda and Armando about the pattern of
people disappearing after trips to Ontario.

I showed to her the pictures I had promised,
but got the feeling she was rushed to leave and did it just to appeace me.

After Aliza's question, I told her about how I can't read Sophie.
Part of me suspects this whole meeting was just an attempt to placate my insistance.
Why would she offer to meet again, then?

I want to not reach out again until I talk with Calli next Thursday,
but I don't know if I will be able to.

15 min ago I opened Hinge and saw the reply from Tirza.
She told me she'd save my number and hoped that my dropping the app was a
success story.
There was also a red 1 above the heart symbol.
I opened the profile and recognized the picture.
She wrote a message asking me about the picture where I am in the lift of my
hotel in Glasgow.
I felt drawn to the app again.

I got a notification from Sophie before starting the last paragraph.

"Back & meeting is finished.
Definitely need to work on my diplomacy lmao."

Below there is a warning stating that she has disabled her notifications.
I can reply to her later.

I am not sure why I feel this deep urge to start crying,
but like my request to kiss her, I just can't let it out.

### Friday, February 16th, 2024
_Sofia, it was truly a pleasure to play this game with you!
I love how we can get to be honest and vulnerable with each other!
Cheers to our friendship! Cheers, Alda_

For some reason I could not want to wake up in the morning yesterday.
No, I remember.
The night before my legs were hurting.
Excruciatingly.
I was awake for most of the night.
In the morning, I postpone the alarm despite my plans for going to the lab
and to Alda's from there in the afternoon.

I turned off the alarm and continued sleeping.
Around 10h or 11h, I sent an e-mail to Louis saying I was feeling a bit sick
and asking to cancel our 1-on-1 meeting of the afternoon.
He agreed without any issue.

I texted Alda asking about what time would work for meeting.
Talking, we agreed that it would be better to do it at my house,
since it'd be more private.
We would be talking about some deep and personal stuff.
It was more convenient for me, too,
since the ginger beers and the amaretto were both at my house already.

I don't think I worked a single minute during the whole day.
I stayed in bed for a significant amount of the day.
Alda would come at around 17-18h.
I watched some television.
I put this show, _One day_.
Online people say that it is a devastating show.
I don't really like watching romance fiction, I find it very hard to relate to it.
The majority is straight, but even when watching a lesbian work,
it feels foreign to me.
I had started it a couple of days ago—or was it weeks?—, but yesterday I put
it from the beginning again.
By the second or third episode I started dripping off and losing attention.
I can't remember if I put something else,
or that was around the time that Alda came.

I started drinking one of the _Dieu du ciel!_ beers that I would drink with Sonny.
It's funny how I've been getting them since I moved here in July of last year,
yet now whenever I have them I think about sharing them with Sonny.

I had had half of a can already when Alda rang the doorbell and I went to buzz
her in.
She brought her card games, but we didn't start to play at that very moment.
We had some amaretto and ginger beers together.
It tasted fine but it was not the best.
We moved the table and opened the red box.
I was sitting in my desk chair and she got the couch.

Three levels: Perception, Connection, and Reflection.
Alda thought that level two would be the hardest, I was dreading the third one.
The questions got deeper and deeper with each level.
We draw portraits of each other.
For one card, we had to call someone we admired and we called Sonny,
who was with some of her friends.

Halfway through, we went to IGA and got some pigs in a blanket, grapefruit juice,
and some other stuff.
Later that night we ordered some pizza and fries.

We got really drunk.
Mostly I.
The final card was during level II.
We took it out in the middle of the game and just put it aside.
It asked to us to write each other a small note that we would not open until
parting ways.

She left.
I puked twice before going to bed.
I don't remember if I took my pills.

"Hey, it's a longshot but would you be down to do something spontaneous after
work today?
We talked about meeting up after your trip,
but I'd love to spend some extra time with you before you go."

Last night, I went to bed drunk with the idea of texting Sophie.
I thought about asking her out for today.
I knew she would most probably say no,
but the idea of seeing her before her departure was too much to let go.
I considered it and crafted the message, something not too pushy, or cringey.
I keep thinking back about how Monica would react to them.
Can't help to think back to two years ago.

I sent it out when I woke up 15 minutes before 7h.
This time she didn't take days to reply.
There were no hearts either.

"Hey! I would love to - unfortunately,
I'm already pretty scheduled up this weekend and I need to take some time to
decompress before the trip."

### Saturday, February 17th, 2024
_"Sí sabes que es de antes de que fuera Sofía, ¿no?"_

_"Nope. Tú siempre has sido Sofía, tho."_

This is one of those days where I have nothing particular to write about.
Were it not for the fact that I talk loudly to myself,
I would have not said a single word all day.

Tomorrow I will go to the laundry.
I haven't gone since Sonny left.
I could read something there, and the walk will be useful.
I guess I could take the kindle tonight and read in the metro.
The last book I started was _Little Blue Encyclopedia (for Vivian)_,
I might have to drop it.
I feel no interest whatsoever in going back to it.

Aliza had asked me to go out with her this Saturday.
Vlad, who actually started the whole thing, hasn't said anything about it all week.
In the end we agreed to going out anyway.

The latest plan is going to an irish pub in Verdun.
We haven't been there.
I probably won't drink too much.
I am taking the bet to lose weight more seriously than I thought I would be.
For a minute I considered skipping dinner last night together with the pills
that go with it.
I slept early.
I did get up.
I heated the two remaining slices of the pizza I had with Alda and went on to
do the words.
I could have, maybe, done twice the amount of words to fix the streak.
I didn't feel like it.
It was hard enough to complete the 750 usual ones despite having two days to
talked about.

I dreamed again of something that made me think that it was an interesting story.
Those kinds of ideas that could be develop into a book or a movie.
Something that I would definitely watch or read.
I've forgotten most of it already.
It probably faded even by the time that I eventually got out of bed.

I left half of the curtains open but that didn't stop me to sleep in.
I buried my face between the two pillows and try to go back to my dreams.
When I couldn't, I turned towards the wall,
pulled my underwear down and started masturbating.
I thought about Alexia.
Putting my arm through hers and walking through _St-Laurent_,
her putting her hand over my thigh when we sat down in that bench,
my looking up towards her face before silently asking to kiss her.
Whenever I think of that night, I rarely get to the part where we're
actually having sex.

Does she ever think of me?
Perhaps she thinks of my like I do of the québécoise girl;
that girl whose name she can't remembers that had sex with on her trip of
Montréal for her birthday.
Perhaps I am just the trans girl she once fucked.
Or maybe she doesn't think about me at all.

When I got obsessed with—did I just forget her name?—Flore,
I looked her up on the internet.
She left for her week-long trip with her lab and I couldn't control myself.
I knew her first name, her university, and the fact that her supervisor was a
portuguese women in computer science.
I found her supervisor's website and from its Personnel site,
I found her last name.
With her full name, it was easy to find her online.

The second person I looked up like that was the catfisher.
She was a receptionist at a Hospital in Montréal.
I don't remember how I found her, but I got her real socials.
I found out she had a kid.
I realized that not only was she real, but she was normal.

I did not have sex with either of these women.
I didn't kiss them.
The latter I didn't even meet in person.

The first women I ever got obsessed with was Monica.
I recognized her from the crowds and would wait for her to pass by every
morning on her way to her classroom.
For months I knew who she was without knowing her name.
Years later we would be together and one could argue that for all that time
she did not know who I was either.

I didn't look Kate online because there was no need to.
During our first date she made a joke about stalking people she dated on
Instagram.
I consciously offered her mine so she wouldn't need to look me out.
My obsession with her manifested differently.

These obsessive traits are not cute nor romantic.
I am not proud of it, but ashamed.
It's creepy and toxic.

Yesterday I found out Sophie's last name.

### Sunday, February 18th, 2024
_Hey! Remember me?
I was reading my journal from two years ago and got to the time we met.
How's life been treating you?_

I did not get up early enough either to brew myself coffee nor to go to the
laundromat.
I could have well gone later in the afternoon, but decided not to do it.
I weighted myself and I am back to the weight I was three days ago when Alda
and I first came with the idea of the losing-weight-bet.
It's mostly water-based weight, I am sure, yet it still felt good.

Yesterday I left the apartment and went to meet Aliza at _Le Trèfle_.
She got there before I did.
The host welcomed me in French and I explained to him that my friend was
already waiting for me.
It didn't take me long to find Aliza sitting on a two-person table by the window.

On my way there I had been thinking about the fact that in most of our meetings,
when we don't talk about work, we talk about me and my relationships.
Either how I hadn't yet told Alda about my being trans,
the fact that I haven't spoken with Monica since she was here,
my excitement for Sonny coming,
my dates.
Is it because of what Monica had told me before that I can be a very selfish friend?
Or is it more because of Aliza's own reserved personality?

The first topic of conversation, and the bigger one for the night,
was about her relationship—and its soon potential end—with Ally.
They haven't been talking for a while.
She had mentioned to me before how her girlfriend is going through an
emotionally hard time.
She had also told me about the talk she was invited to give at Harvard.
She might come visit her soon, but the situation is tense.

I did not have dinner with Aliza.
Before leaving I had made myself a pita sandwich with hummus and ham.
At the bar, I got myself a cocktail with the intention of ordering some chilli
and chips later, and only because I needed food to have with my pills.
Instead, when I ordered my second cocktail,
I explained to Aliza that I would rather make a stop at Shawarmaz and
getting myself a poutine.

We made plans to see each other Thursday after her class at Thomson House.

Yesterday I had posted a post the event at Palco this Friday—the queer-lesbo
night that will happen at Aliza's neighborhood—in the group chat we have with Alda.
I thought it would go ignored, but Aliza responded this morning that she is in.
Alda reminded me that she won't be in town,
since she leaves for Albania on Wednesday.
I wished her safe travels.

A couple of moments ago I considered asking her if she wanted to do something
before she leaves.
Maybe I can text her tomorrow and we could meet Tuesday.
Except, as I just remembered, I have French class the whole half of the week
she will be here.
I just finished cooking and having my dinner.
I did not do laundry but I did go to IGA.
Walking there with Alda when she was here made me realize how close it is.
I got some salad and dressing and vegetables, some hummus and eggs.
I cooked one of the pork chops and the pepper I had bought at _la fruiterie_.

I continued the task I started yesterday.
I read the entries from my first date with Kate up to the date with Amanda.
I weighted 70 kg when I went to Puerto Vallarta.
I remembered how last time I did this I also went through the pictures of that time.
That depressed me quite a bit.
The day I met Kate I was wearing the dark red hoodie with the denim jacket.
I like the way I looked.
I was quite attractive.
I had no reason to be this insecure.

Is it the weight?
I hate the pictures on which I appear.
I hate how I look in the videos that Sonny took.
My face contorts in weird ways.
My mouth moves strangely.
My neck is too thick and my body's shape is unattractive.

Do I have a reason to feel unattractive now or will I look back to this
pictures with nostalgia?
Maybe I will read through these entries eventually.
Life is a cycle.
The situation might be the same but the way I am facing it most certainly is not.

### Monday, February 19th, 2024
_Quisiera—quiero—tener el autocontrol suficiente para ya no mandarle nada;
que si me busque se dé, y si no muestra interés en mí, que ahí muera._

I did not go to the lab today.
I woke up early enough, maybe even before the alarm sounded, yet I did not get up.
I buried my head between the pillows and stayed there.
The sunlight came through the half of the window uncovered by the drapes.
I did not fall asleep again.

A couple of minutes after my last turn, I uncovered myself and stood up.
I put on the leggings that were lying on the floor and went to pee.
I forgot my phone in the bed,
so I had to go back for it in order to record the weight for today.
I gained the kilogram that I had brag about losing to Sonny and Alda.
I knew it was mostly water, it still felt demotivating.

Last night I made myself some roasted potatoes and had them with a pita
sandwich of hummus and pork.
After finishing, I felt a hunger that was not there the rest of the day.
That and the fact that I had that familiar anguish only 30 minutes after
taking the antipsychotics made me reconsider suspending them once again.

I went to the kitchen and noticed how I did not have enough coffee.
I put on a hoodie, a beanie, my coat and the pair of red boots,
and I went outside to get another bag.
When Sonny was here, she told me not to pay with the credit card for the coffee,
as it was apparently a couple of dollars cheaper with cash.
Maybe it's just because without the terminal there is no prompt to give a tip.
I wore no headphones.
My hands got cold.
It still will be winter for a couple of months.

When I got back, I brewed my coffee and got to work.
Surprisingly it was quite a productive day.
I've been putting music on the speakers in the living room while I work on my desk.
I am almost done with the manuscript.
I still have the PreventAD data to keep me busy.
I will probably go to the lab tomorrow.
I told Aliza—or was it Sonny?—that my plan nowadays will be to not calculate
the departure of the 144 bus and rather walk from station Sherbrooke to the
lab if the wait is longer than 10 minutes.

I took my phone just now and realized that the walk from the metro station to
the lab is 25 minutes.
The walk from the bus stop for the 24 is 11 minutes,
except that that route is uphill.

Let's see what I do tomorrow.

I picked up the book that I left on hold since last year.
I didn't make a lot of progress.

I had dinner a couple of paragraphs ago.
I am starting to feel the damned side effects again.
They are coming and going.
I don't even feel like finishing these words.

I finished reading the entries from Kate's last text until yesterday's entry.

In the afternoon, a bit before the start of French class,
I exported the entries from the 750 words website.
While my classmates were going through the activity,
taking turns to read or answer the exercises that I had already finished,
I was compiling all of the different text files for each month into a hugh
markdown file.
I cleaned the days' metadata and titled each year.
I asked Sonny earlier today if she still thinks it's a task worth of my time.
I reminded her how she got bored reading just a couple of days.
She said that it was worth it and denied being bored.
I sent another text to Alda, just sharing with her that I had started.

Around noon I had one of the bagels I bought yesterday with some peanut butter.
Tonight, I cooked the ground meat that I put down from the freezer yesterday.
I fried it with the sautéed vegetables.
I put some rice on the stove.
When everything was done, I made myself a burrito with some avocado hummus.
Half of the meat and three quarters of the rice remained as leftovers.
I had finished my burrito and put away the tupperwares when I noticed there
was an abandon lid.
I looked for its counterpart and could not find it until I remembered I
had put the potatoes in the microwave oven.
I did not finish them.

### Tuesday, February 20th, 2024
_Evitarte hace tiempo que yo intento; puedes decepcionarme.
Me doy cuenta que si hoy te trato poco te conservaré más tiempo._

Like other nights, the side effects of my medication tied me down to the bed
only to push me back to the world after a couple of hours.
The first time that I opened my eyes, it was 3h.
I stayed in bed for a while, but decided to give up trying to sleep around 4-5h.
I finally got up at 6h.
I did the morning routine without any bit of tiredness.
I did not take the walking route.
I waited 13 minutes for the 144 bus and got to the lab some time before 8h.
I passed through the empty offices and hallways before getting to my desk.
Vlad arrived a couple of hours later.
Neda a bit after noon.

I got finally the last material I needed to finish with the submission for the
HVR paper.
I did all of the changes to the manuscript,
wrote the bulletin points for the highlights of the research,
noted the contributions of each author,
and made a rough draft for the cover letter to the co-editors-in-chief of the
Medical Image Analysis journal.
I sent all of this to Louis.

I got a message that I thought I would never receive.
On Instagram, a representative for MUPSS finally replied to the message that
I had sent last week.
They told me I was now registered as a member and there was no need for me to
go to office hours.
In any case, I could just show up whenever someone was present,
unless I wanted to use the darkroom, in which case I should contact somebody.
I followed up asking for the film scanners and the payment.
The person replied fairly quickly to let me know the names of the people that
were best suited to help me with that.
I looked online for the schedule and found out that the best time for me to
go would be Thursday at 9h.
I have therapy at 10h, so I can go there early and pass before my session.
I will go to the lab and then meet with Aliza in the afternoon.
Thursday will be my most full day of the week.

I worked a bit on the PreventAD data, but by 14h I was exhausted mentally.
I kept thinking about going to _Dieu du ciel!_ with my laptop to start working
on editing the earliest entries of my journal.
I could also go and get me some gnocchis on the way home.

The idea was so seducing that I checked the timeschedule for the 144 bus that
would pass right outside the office.
I had to spend another 15 minutes before leaving and even that seemed like too much.
In those 15 minutes, I dropped that idea and settled on coming home,
picking up my laptop and working a couple of hours in ETOH brasserie,
with a glass of their strongest beer.

When I got to the metro station, I changed my mind once again.
Now I am sitting in front of the television, with New Girl on the background,
doing these words and feeling the effects of barely half of the last can of the
beers that I bought while Sonny was here.

I sent a text to Alda earlier today when I was in the lab,
on which I shared with her that I thought about asking her to do something,
but we probably wouldn't have enough time.
She told me we could certainly do something when she gets back and asked me
what I wanted from Turkey or Albania.

As I write this, I remember when I was a little kid and I would get excited
whenever my dad would go to some other country for work,
as that would mean he'd get me something from there.
I can't remember anything that he'd brought me except a cute blue watch with
sailboats on the strap.
I wore that watch for a long time when I was in elementary school.
I wonder what happened to it.

I looked into the schedules of the movies at both _cinéma du parc_ and
_cinéma moderne_.
With Sonny we were going to watch All of us strangers,
with Paul Mescal and Andrew Scott.
I looked for that one but they're not showing it anymore.
I'm tempted to going Sunday to see _Vampire humaniste cherche suicidaire consentant_.
I could get the gnocchis that I didn't get today and maybe carry my camera with me.

### Wednesday, February 21st, 2024
_Haven't had a dream in a long time.
See, the life I've had can make a good man bad.
So, for once in my life, let me have whom I want._

I woke up at a reasonable hour today.
Not too early, but not that late either.
I think I got out of bed around 9h or 10h.
Like other mornings, the first thing that I did was brew my coffee.
I did not sit to work while I drank it.
I put something on the television but can't remember what.

I've been watching New Girl still, but I'm starting to get tired of it.
I tried watching the pilot of Hazbin Hotel, or to pick up One day again.
Neither of those kept my attention for long.
I don't think I managed to finish a full single episode of either.

I weighted myself today but I didn't record it in the phone.
The numbers came back down from 80.
Hopefully they won't rise again.
I was 10 kilograms lighter when I liked my body.
I came to sit down and write these words after texting Sonny my decision to
skip today's pills in order to not have dinner.

It's not just about the food.
I despise the side effects.
I keep thinking back to those years ago and I am not fully convinced I ever
got a real hipomanic episode.
Aliza texted me after French class with a screenshot of a question posted in a
Facebook group asking about Dialectic Behavioral Therapy,
asking me if that was the kind of therapy that I wanted.
I told her how it is, despite the fact that it was created to treat
borderline personality disorder.
Apparently it has shown to be well-adapted to mood disorders,
and can be very useful for self-harm and substance abuse.
I mentioned that without explicitly saying that I've suffered from both of
those things.

Is my lack of eating another more subtle way of self-harm?

Today I actually sat down and started working on editing the journal.
I separated them into different files for the various years.
I was 17 years old when I started using the app to write these entries.
That first year I wrote in Spanish.
Almost none of those days are actually journal entries.
They are very short stories.
Not very good ones.

Translating them got too hard.
I jumped to the next year.
2015.
I was 22 years old.
I had just came back from Spain and was dealing with the recently resurfaced
issues with gender identity.
In the first day I talk about René suggesting antidepressants and it not
being the meds that I wanted.
I didn't get to that part but a couple of months later I would start taking
them the day of the graduation of my friend group.
Back then, the thought never cross my mind that years later I would stop
talking to all of them.

I finished just one or two days before I decided to jump again.
I moved to 2021, the first summer after I moved here.
I worked on that while the professor moved us to breakout rooms and my
teammates were still working on the exercise.
I could have continued working on managing the data that I still owe Louis,
but instead I kept editing my writings about meeting Molly and asking her out.
Months after we never went for that coffee, in October,
I would see her again at a Halloween party.
I even met her girlfriend who was also named Molly.

When I lived in Mexico City, inside a closet,
I made out with a Sofía and her future girlfriend.
Years later, in Montréal, I would go on a date once with a Sophia but
nothing would come out of it.
Now, despite dating for three years here,
Sophie is just the 5th girl with whom I've ever gone on a second date.

Tomorrow I will finally go to MUPSS.
This might be the third time that I go to that building.
Hopefully, this time someone will be there and this will be it.
I am taking the negatives in the backpack in case I have enough time.

I am also taking my laptop with me.
After my meeting with Louis, I agree to meet Aliza at Thomson house.
She told me today she had forgotten that she has an HBHL thing in the early evening.
We agreed to meet anyway before it.
Maybe I can stay at Thomson for a while and continue working on the editing.


### Thursday, February 22nd, 2024
_Does anybody here remember Vera Lynn?
Remember how she said that we would meet again some sunny day?_

I skipped dinner last night.
Throughout the whole day, I ate nothing but a pita bread and some avocado hummus.
It was the first night that I skipped the antipsychotics since I've been
dealing with the heightened side effects.

I saw _The miseducation of Cameron Post_ while I did yesterday's entry.
I remember they showed it in Yaaj during one of their youth meetings.
For some reason I did not go that time.
Perhaps I was living in Querétaro during that time.
Maybe I just decided not to go.

I don't remember the time I finally decided to go to bed.
It was not as early as if I had taken the pills, but it was not too late either.
After all, I did have to get up early in the morning to come to McGill to
check out the MUPSS stuff.

I had my alarm at 7h45.
I woke up maybe 20-30 min before it would ring.
I did not fall back to sleep during that time, but I stayed in bed.

I am sitting in Thomson House and writing this in my laptop.
I just took a sip of my second pint of beer.
Aliza went downstairs for her HBHL event.
She might come back but did not make any promises.
Her event will last around 3h.

In the morning I put the negatives in my backpack together with my laptop.
I made some coffee despite knowing that I would not drink it in my office.
I took the orange line of the metro and then the 24 bus.
It was the third time that I walk towards the MUPSS office in the SSMU
building and it was also the third time that nobody was there.
The door was closed and locked.
For some reason it was extremely hard to knock.
In the end I sat at the table besides the door and had half of my coffee
before my therapy session at the building next door.

I told Aliza a few moments ago how my session didn't feel it was worth it
because I didn't cry.
I talked about my plan for not reaching out to Sophie again.
I talked about how I feel scared of the way I am feeling.
I try to hold back my mind from fantasizing about what could or could not happen.
I am not succeeding very much at it.

I am sitting two tables to the right from where we were sitting last week.
I keep glancing at the door as if she were to suddenly enter.

After my session with Calli I walked half of the way to the MNI.
The 144 bus was just passing as I was about to get to its stop.
I rushed to catch it and skipped the rest of the walk.

I worked for half of the day.
I waited for my meeting with Louis at 14h30.
Three minutes before, I grabbed my phone and walked towards his office.
The door was closed, so I sat on the chair besides it.
15, 20 minutes passed.
I could hear a foreign voice from inside, so I assumed they were on a call.
I did not have much to talk about so I decided against knocking.

"Sofia, if you are there, please come in", he finally said through the door.

I tried, but it was locked.
I let him know.
Neda came and opened it for me.

We talked about the material for submitting my first paper.
We went through his comments and changes.
Just as Neda took part of my time, I took part of Mohammedreza's.

When I got out I saw a message from Aliza saying she had gotten a table at Thomson.
I grabbed my stuff and came here.
I told her I was unsure about eating or not.
I went to the bar instead and got us two pints.
When the waiter came to offer us some food menus we declined.

She told me about Ali.
In the end, she's not coming to Montréal to visit her.
She seemed more convinced of the idea of breaking up.
Apparently, it's not just her.
Ali told her that their relationship was not working.
They're taking a break for one month.
From what Aliza was saying, I doubt their relationship is gonna survive after
this.
Aliza seems to be just waiting for her crisis to end so she can break up.

### Saturday, February 24th, 2024
_Está muy lleno y no sé qué hacer.
Estoy pensando que es_ too much.
_¿Vamos a otro lado?_
Yeah, _no puedo.
Me voy a salir._
I'm down _para ir a Benelux o Church, pero ahí no puedo._

I skipped yesterday's words.
I have no excuse, since I had time to do them after I came back.
I actively decided not to do them.
I don't care about the streaks, anymore.

Did I go to the lab?
No, I did not.
I woke up but I didn't do much work.
I had my coffee and was on my laptop for most of the day.
I've been working on editing the old journal entries.
Last night I was working on the days around Flore's disappearance.
Now it is a little funny how much importance I gave to a single first
date from a dating app.
I can't even remember the name of 75% of the girls I've gone out with.
I wouldn't imagine any of them remembering my name and writing about me in
their journals years later.

That is not totally fair.
Of course I would remember the first date I ever went on in a new country,
in English.
I remember the first date I ever went on in French.

I showered around 14h or 15h, but did not change.
I continued working on the journal.
When I decided to take a break I found the _All of us strangers_
movie on Disney+.
Was that really yesterday, though?

Whenever it was that I started it, I did not finish it.
I liked it well enough, but I could not concentrate.
I probably put on _New Girl_ again and continued changing the words
describing my first depressive episode in Montréal.

Yesterday I cut off my bangs.
I messed them up and panicked a little when I cut off too much from the
strands on the sides where the hair gets longer and fades with the rest.
From handling my hair so much it became frizzy and messy.
I wet my hair again trying to save it.
In the end it didn't look that bad.

I put on some make-up and felt fake.
I hated the way I looked.
I tried to take a picture to send to Sonny,
but I could not find an angle where I did not hated my look.
I think losing weight will help me with this feeling,
but not once did the thoughts in my head were I look too fat.

I had told Aliza I would had dinner before leaving,
but at the very end I changed my mind.
In the morning, with my cup of coffee, I had a bagel with peanut butter.
She pushed our meeting time to 20h, so I finally left my place at 19h15.

I wore the small earphones and listened to music the whole way to Verdun.
I walked towards Palco and entered.

_"Salut! Est-ce que tu viens á la soirée velours?
As-tu une réservation?
Ben, amuse-toi!"_

The place was packed.
I walked towards the bar and placed myself in front of the only empty stool
close to the end.
There was a guy with two glasses in front of him.
I didn't take the seat as I assumed it was from this stranger's companion.
Instead I took the menu and tried to hide in it.

_"Bien, llego en ~12 min"_, replied Aliza to me.

The music was too loud.
I saw people entering but could not follow where they'd go.
I walked towards the restroom to cover from the mixed sound of the music and
the crowd.
I stopped in front of the rack of coats and started texting Aliza.

A group of girls stepped in and stopped in front of the corner towards the restrooms.
One of them was a little startled after she passed by my side,
as she was probably not expecting me.
They were speaking in French, but I didn't follow what they were saying.

I decided to leave hoping that Aliza would understand.
I am not sure of that group of girls left before me, too,
or if they went upstairs to were the music was louder.

I walked out trying to avoid the eyes of the hostess who had welcomed me in.
I walked a little bit towards a small alley across the street of Benelux.
I don't remember if I put my earphones back before Aliza texted me again.

We found each other and decided to walk into Benelux.
I apologized to her but I couldn't tell if she was disappointed with what
had happened.

_"¿Tú no te sientes rara maquillada?
Me siento rara, pero no sé si es por ser lesbiana o por ser trans"_,
I had asked her before leaving my house.

We had a pint each and talked about the past.
We shared stories about our exes between talking about work.

The plans of meeting today with Liana had fallen through,
but we talked about meeting at her house to work.
I didn't make any promises since I had a couple of errands to run.
Earlier in the morning I had called to renew my prescriptions.
The gave me the option to picking them up that day or the next one.
Even though I could had passed before going to Verdun, I decided against it.

Before leaving, instead of dinner, I had a glass of the rest of the Amaretto
that Alda and I didn't drink with some grapefruit juice.
I was already drunk when I had gotten to Palco,
but that was not enough to calm my anxieties.

After she got herself a pretzel and before we left,
I ordered myself a glass of the strongest IPA they had.

There were some _ralentissements du service_ on the orange line,
but I made it home.
I considered for a bit ordering a subway from Alto,
but cooked some sausage with vegetables and fried eggs over rice instead.
I did not get a hangover this morning.
Still, I did not get up as early as I would have wanted.
It was still before noon, so I did have some coffee.
I did not have breakfast, still.
I actually haven't eating a single bite all day.
I wil lhave some salad before going to bed,
or more probably after finishing these words.

I finished the 30 minutes that I had left from _All of us strangers_.

That reminded me about buying the ticket for tomorrow's movie,
_Vampire humaniste cherche suicidaire consentant_.
It's at 11h, so I guess I will buy a coffee instead of a pint this time.

Somehow I had still a spiro pill left in the bottle,
thus I went first to la _buanderette_ rather than the pharmacy.
I took my laptop in the same bag as my underwear to keep working on the
journal while I was waiting for the machines to finish.

I didn't mind the walk, despite the cold.
Is this the first time that I have done laundry since Sonny left?
When I took out the red hoodie from its hanger in the closet,
one of her socks fell to the floor.

"U free?", I texted her earlier today, "I'm a little drunk and I miss u."

I came back from the laundry walking the same path that I took to get there,
yet, like always, it felt much shorter.
I left the bags of, now clean, clothes,
and with a different tote bag, took my way off again.

The first stop was _la fruiterie_.
I got myself a pepper, to cook with the minced beef;
a bag of celery, to cook with the cans of tuna that Sonny never had;
ham, to have with my salad; a bag of pita, and a bowl of chipotle hummus,
to have also with the ham as sandwiches.
There were no croutons.

Walking towards the pharmacy,
I decided to stop at the first Jean-Coutu in front of Station Jarry,
since they do sell some food and thus might have some in stock.
If they didn't I could still buy the toothbrush I need, anyway.
They did, so I bought both together with a big bottle of mouthwash.

From there I went to the second Jean-Coutu, the one that holds my prescriptions.
I walked towards the _caisses_, but the lady there called someone first.
She greeted my after finishing with their business.
I told her in French that I had called yesterday for my prescriptions and
later gave her my last name.
A different women brought me my medications.
Before giving them to me,
she told me that I would need to meet with the pharmacist.

I knew exactly what they wanted to talk to me about.
I waited around 2-3 minutes before a guy approached the counter to the side to
which I had moved.
After his greeting and question whether I'm still taking Lurasidone,
I asked him to continue in English.
I lied to him and told him that I had gotten some in Mexico after forgetting
them before my trip.

He seemed to buy it.
They're cheaper there, I added as an extra touch.
He asked me if I could buy them without a prescription over there,
and I just added that I had a psychiatrist friend,
calling back to the experience I had with the clonazepam.
I finished saying that I was still taking them,
but I would need to meet with my Dr soon, anyway,
to talk about modifying the dosage or changing the medication, anyway.
He finally gave me my hormones.
I bought a pack of toilet paper on my way out.

That was supposed to by my last stop for the day,
except I did an impromptu one at SAQ, where I got myself a bottle of vodka.
I haven't yet finished the drink I made with some of the grapefruit juice—that
now I can drink after suspending the antipsychotic medication—and
I am quite drunk.

### Sunday, February 25th, 2024
 _"Limerents gotta be limering."

"I'm limerencing."_

I had been doing a half-decent job of controlling my thoughts and feelings.
I'm sure that having been reading the way I used to feel three years ago had
something do to with it.
Since the very first girl that I asked on a date—which to be fair,
I'm not entirely sure that I did ask out explicitly—I've been putting so much
thought into the idea of connecting with someone.

Is it about being seen and accepted?

Then, why would Sonny's comments or the sincere appreciation I get from my
friends are not enough?

I had to wake up earlier today than any other usual Sunday.
My alarm at 9h15 was enough, but I could not sleep more than if I wanted to
get to the cinéma in time.
Like usual, I started waking up a couple of hours earlier.
There was a half-formed thought that would come up in those briefs moments
of consciousness.

I grabbed the phone and unlocked it.
I saw there was a red 1 uptop the messaging app and felt this exhilarating
bolt of energy.
I put my finger on there without a second thought.
The conversation at the very top was from a strange number.
A spam offer about the enterprise membership for Costco.

A couple of days ago I had sent Katherine a message asking her how she has
been after reading about how I met her years ago.
She had been having issues with her partner and would tell me a little about
it in our casual hang outs.
In her profile she had a picture where she was smiling on top of an ikea cart.
I think she was Rumanian.
After a couple of days without an answer, I deleted the conversation.
After deleting the latest spam, now the one on top is the latest message
from my mum telling me that I am actually not fat.

I showered and changed.
My hair looks weird to me but not necessarily in a bad way.
I might have cut the bangs too short, but they will grow faster than I think.
Sooner than later I'll be having hair on my eyes all over again.

I texted Sonny asking her if I should order my subway from Alto right now or
waiting until finishing the words.
I passed the command before her reply.
I considered getting a can of ginger ale or diet soda,
but decided against it at the last minute.
I did not have enough grapefruit juice for the amount of vodka I served myself,
but I have some bottles of ginger beer that will do just fine.

In the morning I considered taking my camera, but didn't.
I took the earphones instead of the headphones with my iPod.
I took the metro and got to _cinéma moderne_ with enough time to order
myself a coffee for the movie.
I approached the bar and started my order in French.
When she asked me for the size, I asked to see the different options.
Finally, she asked me if cow milk was alright for my latte,
but I didn't completely understand her.
I knew she was talking about milk, so I asked her if she had cow milk.
She got confused—or maybe annoyed—and clarified to me that she had exactly
asked me just that, if cow milk was OK.
I paid with my card and took the glass inside the theater.

I sat at the very edge of the row, right next to the wall.
Besides me there was a francophone couple.
I glimpsed at the guy's phone while he started texting his girlfriend with
cutesy phrases.

The same girl who served me my coffee came inside and presented the movie,
_Vampire humaniste cherche suicidaire consentant_.
It has win some awards in Europe and, besides being funny, it's also touching.
The movie started but the subtitles never appeared.
I had felt assured that it would have English subtitles.
While I am sure I missed some of the jokes and maybe some subtleties of the script,
I understood most of it despite the stronger québécois accent.

I felt like when I was a child and I would start watching the TV with my dad.
He would watch the channels from the antenna that came from California,
thus they didn't have subtitles except the closed captions.
Sometimes they would not work perfectly.

When the movie finished I walked a couple of streets and got me a box of gnocchis.
I ordered them in French and learned that chopsticks are called _des baguettes_.

Coming back home, I went to bed and took a nap.
I fell asleep thinking about the different possibilities of what will
happen whether Sophie texts back next week or not.

### Monday, February 26th, 2024
"Salut Sofia !
Seras-tu à l'après-midi demain vers 3-4pm? [...]
Je passe chex tout le monde pour faire le point voir les apts,
parler renouvellement, faire petit cadeau et papiers impôts"

I skipped the alarm this morning.
I lacked the energy to start the day.
Vicky had sent the zoom links for the meetings with Raphael and Sasha.
The latter was at 10h30.
For the former I was confused if it would be at 9h or 12h,
given the time difference with San Francisco.

Daniel had said that the Neuro meeting was cancelled.
He sent us the information for a talk from an alumni of Louis.

Since yesterday, I knew that I would stay home instead of going to the laboratory.
Now that I think of it, that was not the best idea.

Last night I finished the subway and fries that I got from Alto.
I did not serve myself more alcohol, but what I had was more than enough.

I went to bed and browsed my phone like I usually do.
On TikTok, sometimes I get a notification suggesting to send something to Alda.
Months ago, I would get the suggestion of adding the account of my
landlord's dancing school.
Last night, the short-videos were intermitted by a suggestion page of an
account that I might know.
It was called notagoldenretriever and the profile picture was a cat with a
half-brown-half-gray face sitting on somebody's lap.
The very second that I had the impulse to pass it,
I recognized the divisory line of colour on the cats face.
I went back to Sophie's conversation and opened one of the pictures she sent me.
It was a match.

Again I had a deceptive notification on the messages app when I woke up.

I got up from bed with time enough to make myself coffee before the meeting with Sasha.
Louis had told us to schedule meetings with her.
I sat in front of my chair with my mug and put on my headphones.
As soon as I turned them on, the electronic voice told me that the battery was insufficient.
I put them to charge and drafted an e-mail to Sasha inviting her to meet some time this week.

She replied fairly quickly telling me she was going to meet Reza and Daniel
tomorrow and the next day at 10h.
I could either meet her on my own or join any of those two meetings.
I told her that whatever she preferred was good for me,
but she never got back with a response or a link.

After I finished my coffee, I weighted myself.
I gained weight again.

I tried to watch _One day_ again, but couldn't get into it.

I kept working on the journal.
It's getting more and more depresing.
I probably should stop.

In the afternoon, I could not hold my hunger and made myself a pita sandwich.
I haven't eaten again yet.
As soon as I finish these words I will make myself the salad.
There's still a package of minced meat that I need to cook.
I will do that tomorrow.

My back is hurting.
It's been hurting since French class.
The professor asked me how I was doing.
I replied saying _moyen_, but didn't want to get into details.
I could have talked about going yesterday to the movies and watching my first
movie in french without any type of subtitles.

Instead of starting an activity the prof put on a small audio segment from
radio canada about Olha, one of our classmates.
She's an ukranian refugee who came to Québec two years ago escaping the
conflict with Russia.
Her late husband died in one of the bombings.

All day I've struggled not to send a message.

It'd feel really nice if she looked me up for once.
I don't wanna take that away from myself by texting her first.

She might have returned today from her trip.
When I came back from the holidays, I texted her the same night of my arrival.

She's not me.
She's not as interested in me as I am in her.

That's OK.

I had told Alda that I wanted to wait until her return before sending anything.

The last time I reached out to Sophie was to ask her out before her trip.
She was the one who brought up meeting after her trip.
I explicitly ask her to text me when she came back.

It's on her now to do it.
I should not want to meet her if I have to beg her for it.

### Tuesday, February 27th, 2024
"Salut, Sofia, tu vas bien ? Tu as l'air en forme !"

It was one of those nights.
Not that bad going to sleep, but I was awake at 3h.
I don't think I slept well after that.
Not that I didn't try.

I was on my phone for a while.
It was frustrating, but not like some years ago or back when I first started
taking the antipsychotics.

Calli told me once about just letting go and be conscious that any kind of rest,
even if I don't fully fall asleep, is better than no rest.

I am not sure at what time I ended getting up.
I remember I saw the sun slipping through the drapes.
It was not much after that.

I started the morning with my coffee.
I sat in front of the television and continued working on the journal entries
of this year with _One day_ playing on the background.
I payed more attention this time.
It was not enough, though, as I had to go back a couple of times and I did
quit mid-episode.

When I was in bed I got a response from Sasha.
She said that because I'm from IPN,
she might have some specific questions about the program.
It would be better to have a 1:1 session with just me.
She proposed to meet after her time with Reza.
I replied around 4h or 5h, that I would send her a zoom link later in the day.

All morning I've not been able to avoid opening up the messaging app.
I saw Sophie's warning of disabled notifications disappear with the sunrise
and come back in the early morning.
The first half of the day I was hurting the assumed rejection from her silence.

I am aware of how irrational it is, but that doesn't really help.

Writing about the past few weeks did, a little bit.
Whenever I feel sad about the idea of her never reaching out,
I try to think back about how I still have to come out of the closet with her.
If I don't see her again, I won't have to go through the anxiety of hearing
how my body is a dealbreaker.

In my worst phases during the day, I would think about her meeting somebody.
Someone with whom she went out the weekend before her trip when she was all
scheduled up.
The person with whom she kept texting while she was away.
Someone sweet and charming, secure of herself. Somebody cis.

On our first date two months ago,
I asked her whether I was her first date after her breakup.
Her answer was vague.
It was not a yes, but it would have been so easy to just say no.
I told her that she would have lots of experiences while I was away from Canada.
We joked that she'd make a list of the most important bullet points from her encounters.

Is this jealousy?
I don't feel possesive of a girl I've just gone on two dates with.
I feel intimidated by the idea that, while I'm here writing of her,
she's somewhere thinking about somebody else, someone better.

I felt bad about reaching out to Tirza whenever I would feel disappointed with
Sophie.
I was glad that I didn't see Tirza again.
I realized that I whatever relationship—however short or casual it were—would
be tainted by the unhealthiness of how it began.
Maybe I could use a thought like this one whenever I want to reach out to
Sophie again.

Around noon, when her disabled notifications banner never came back,
I realized that eight days in Ottawa, if she had left on Monday,
would mean that she's coming back today.
I texted her the same night of my arrival to Montréal.
I never expected her to do the same.

My thoughts feel clumsy and shapeless.
I can't put into clear words the mess that are my emotions right now.

I texted Sonny to tell her that I hadn't called to make the appointment with
the psychiatrist.

"Hoy hazlo", she said.

And I did.
I will see him next Thursday before noon.

I sent the e-mail to the psych clinic that Aliza referred to me.
They replied while I was in French class,
but each session costs 1000 MXN without taxes.
I replied to them in a brief e-mail that it was out of my budget.

Around 16h the landlord came.
I asked him to switch to English.
He is increasing the rent 50 CADs next year.

I checked on the McGill website and saw the minimum stipend is increased
yet again for 2024.
I need to talk with Louis about increasing mine again.

### Wednesday, February 28th, 2024
"If I do text, it doesn't mean I failed, right?
Expressing how I feel is not wrong, is it?"

I really feel like taking a drink.
I'm considering getting up from the couch,
leaving incendies playing on the TV, and making it.

Drinking when sad is not healthy.
It is one of the things I listed to Sonny when I talked about possible issues
I could work on in therapy.

The first thought that crossed my mind when I got up was that I shouldn't have eaten.
I don't think it will matter much.
The drink tastes strong.

This morning I had no trouble sleeping.
I turned off the alarm and stayed comfortably asleep until around 9h.

I was sure I would not be going to the lab today either.
I had the meeting with Sasha around 10h.
I did not shower for it.

She reminded me of Laurie-Eve, the girl who took over my room at _des Pins_.
She is an IPN student interviewing for a PhD position at the lab.
She applied for rotations, but was rejected from it.
We talked about Louis,
how it feels being an outsider in a room full of engineers,
and the introvertedness and asocial atmosphere of the lab.

I had scheduled the meeting in Zoom from 10h30 to 11h.
At 10h58, she started closing up by thanking me and saying she'd let me
continue with my work.

I worked most of the morning.
I left the script extracting the files and converting to MNC running.
I went to bed and cuddled with my thoughts.

At _des Pins_, they informed them of a 5% rent increase which they denied.
They lowered it down to 4.7%, but they still refused.
They would let the TAL sort it out.
I told Alda how I was sure they are not gonna win,
since in the table the TAL itself released out was stated a 4.6% increase for
electricity-heated dwellings.
I warned her that, if the TAL sides with the landlord,
it's possible that they themselves have to pay for the legal fees.
Later, after browsing reddit,
I shared with her the cautions about being blacklisted by landlords for having
opened a dossier in a _fixation du loyer_ proceeding.

She might have gotten nervous with what I told her,
as she later said she was considering backing out.
They were gonna file it today.
She did not know if she had time.

The notice of disabled notifications never appeared on Sophie's conversation.
The idea of sending the image of her cat as a suggested person in my phone
kept coming back.

2 years ago I saw a story of Kate that showed her wearing the same sweater
she wore on our second date.
I remember the rainbow-coloured edge of its sleeve peeking under her coat
when she placed her hand on my arm as she approached to kiss me.
I felt this same urge back then to share this recognition.

I made myself some breakfast in the early afternoon.

_I'm thinking of you_, was one of the things I sent 2 years ago.

I am starting, now, to feel the dreaded side effects of the medication that I
was prescribed precisely for those same impulses.

"_Creo que hoy le voy a terminar mandando mensaje.
Aún no lo hago y ya me estoy sintiendo rara_", I sent to Sonny.
"_Tú, ¿qué harías en mi lugar?_"

"_Dejarlo morir, la verdad._"

I didn't listen as I tend not to.

Before French, at 17H50, I sent her the picture with the words
_Look who showed up in my phone when I was procrastinating._

When class started, I put on the do not disturb feature that I never use.
Everytime that it activates automatically when I go to the lab, I,
purposefully, shut it down.
I do not know what was my thought process.

I disabled it 30 minutes after the class had started.
There were no notifications.

I opened up the conversation and saw it was seen at 18H19.

There are still no new notifications.

I don't know what I wanted but this was not it.

I am starting to feel the effect of the alcohol, the medication, or the interaction of both.
My glass is still not empty.
I need to wait another week before I see the psychiatrist.
Will I let him know about this?

I am not so sure I will go to the lab tomorrow.
It would do me good to get out of the house, distract myself.
I don't seem to have the energy nor the will to do so.

### Thursday, February 29th, 2024
"She might reply later or during the weekend, but still,
I don't think this is doing me any good...
I guess I deserve to go out with someone who also gets excited to be with me."

This is not the first time that I make use of the feature of writing after midnight.
It's 4h37, right now.
My head is hurting and I'm lying in bed,
with a pillow under my chest and the laptop where my head should be.

I didn't get up early today—last morning.
The temperature dropped from 14°C to -12°C.
I could hear the wind whistling.
I decided that I could continue staying home as I've been doing the whole week.

I showered around noon.

I had my coffee and a bagel with peanut butter.

I finished working on the scripts and re-run them on the second two years.
This time I caught the errors.

I am now extracting the metadata for the next three years.
I should be getting done with this before the end of next week.

I finished the Incendies movie.
I liked it.
I gasped just like the protagonist did.

All day I was deleting and restoring the conversations in my messaging app.
I was closed to deleting the contacts of Sophie together with all the other
women I have gone out but whom I will never see again.

I finished editing the journal entry of the summer of 2023, the night I met Alexia.
Even as I am writing this, I realize how it meant a lot more to me than it surely did for her.
I don't know why the thought doesn't bother me as much as I'd thought it would.

I had my meeting with Louis in the early afternoon.
He didn't mind my staying home.
We talked about the data, the manuscripts and Sasha.
He mentioned the lab lunch tomorrow.
I had completely forgotten about it.
I know I put it down in my calendar,
yet I am not sure I would have remembered it had he not brought it up.

Alda has finished _Normal People_.
She asked me for other romance books, but I couldn't recommend any to her.

I mentioned how I find it hard to relate to romance stories.
I looked online and downloaded two books.
I started _Pages for you_.

I gave up on the other book I was reading.

I served me a glass of vodka with ginger beer, supposedly to drink while I read,
but I ended up putting a movie instead.

I have a 7-day trial of Starz channel on Amazon Prime.
I put on _Before Sunrise_.
I found the actress Julie Delpy adorable.

It was hard not to relate to this movie.
As soon as it finished, I put on the sequel _Before Sunset_.

I served myself a second glass for the second movie.
I knew they would not meet again six months later in Vienna like they planned.

I reheated my meat and rice and had it for dinner.

The end of the sequel broke me.
I cried like I never usually do with movies.

I feel like throwing up.
I think I'll get up to the restroom and to drink more water.

I have still another hour to finish 200 more words.

I couldn't throw up.
I'm nauseous and my head is still hurting.

In the morning, before showering I weighted myself.
The scale showed 78.
kg. This is the lowest I've weighted all year.

Later in the day, after going to the restroom,
when I wiped I saw red on the toilet paper.
It was not the spots that sometimes appear making me suspect of hemorrhoids.
The paper was mostly red.

If it happens again, I might need to be concerned.

I did not finish the third movie of the trilogy.
I was seeing double and the pills that I've started taking again made me want to go to bed.
I think it was during this one when my watch vibrated and I saw Sophie's
name next to the cat emoji.

I read the message on the small screen and discarded the notification.
I have not replied to it.

I am debating the idea of getting up now or going back to bed—to sleep,
I am in bed right now.
I need to get up again to put the laptop back.
I guess I could just leave it on the header of the bed.
My hurting head won't let me fall asleep again, but if I don't at least try,
I'll regret it the rest of the day.

"Ahaha oh wow, my top secret tiktok account." Says the message I ignored.

/newpage
